After a few blood transfusions, my hemoglobin has finally gone back to a stable level.
After a few more hospitilizations and everyone was still telling me it was endo.
After a time of adpatation he will recognise his surroundings and be less csared, i hope so.
After a walk and a painkiller, he almost summited his "mountain" of pillows...
After all doctors are just people and they don’t know everything.
After all he has been thru, he deserves this and so much more.
After all the diagnoses were completed, we had wonderful and sad news at the same time.
After all they include silliness, friends and starships; what could be better then that?
After all those surgeries and many trips to doctors, one tells you that his hearing can be restored with a surgery.
After all you are a "superhero"
After all you have been through at such a young age, you deserve all the best luck.
After all you've given to me, this is just a small "thank you" for all you've done.
After all, after a storm always comes the rainbow, so i hope it comes sooner for him, that it's a big fighter
After all, he has already gone ahead of you to lay out a path.
After all, that’s how battles are won.
After all, they are my kids and mental health disease is highly inherited.
After all, you created him, you knitted him together in his mother's womb.
After all, you have a granddaughter to teach her all of the thoughtful and caring ways you have lead your life.
After all, you're all in this together.
After almost losing her, our daughters are closer to her than ever before.
After another evaluation, the doctor decided to reduce the amount of radiation.
After becoming quite emotional he drove to a public park tied a noose around his neck and hung himself.
After being lost & then found, she deserves to live a happy healthy life
After being treated for stage4 ,chemo and surgery it was later found out it had not gone anywhere else and the liver tumour was a type of cyst.
After chemo, radiation ,bone marrow transplant and several surgeries im here!
After class we would meet him for dinner and drinks to socialize and pick his brain  about canine scenarios.
After consulting with an attorney here who does much pro-bono work for the disadvantaged, it seems unlikely that legal action against the hospital, for missing all the symptoms in their ultrasounds and blood tests, will be fruitful.
After consulting with oncologist he is labeled permanently disabled unless we have a miracle.
After developing cataracts, having surgery for glaucoma, and surgery for a retinal detachment, he is finally doing well with infliximab.
After doing a few tests, he rushed him into surgery.
After every hardship comes ease.
After every hardship there is relief.
After fla treatment, is the results good ?
After funeral, burial, and other expenses.
After further review and even a urologist taking a look at the scans they have found no visual signs of any ailments.
After going through intense chemotherapy and going under the knife twice, the cancer came back and i just finished treatment along with another surgery.
After going through lymphoma  as a family we know how hard this is.
After going to the doctors, getting scans and labs done, we realized we were wrong and it was much worse that we could ever imagine.
After hearing about your situation she didn't even think about it.
After her colon removal and rectum surgery she too continues to have issues.
After her funeral,back then, in our culture, most children were taken away by their mothers side of the family and raised by them while the dads remarried and started a new family.
After her initial appt.
After her surgery, she recovered and is well again.
After his recovery, where will he be going?
After it's gone, continue to take the apple cider vinegar, lemon juice, cranberry juice mixed with water everyday..take away the baking soda.
After learning the story, the event fee wasn’t enough.
After many tests again, we are going to see the doctors and see if and when he can have a transplant.
After passing the alveoli, capillaries then join together to begin forming the pulmonary veins, which carry the blood back to the left side of the heart.
After prayer and consideration, we felt led to give you this amount.
After reading that it sounds really corny.
After reading these words, this belief is strengthened and solidified.
After reading through your posts from the beginning of your journey, my heart has been deeply touched.
After reading your story, my heart totally goes out to you.
After reading your wonderfully honest (and well written!)
After reading/hearing about your situation.
After receiving the results, she found a multitude of issues that needed correcting.
After seeing promising results it is hard to accept the back slide.
After seeing the latest update, we needed to continue to do more to help our fair family!
After so many surgeries and complications he is still holding still and fighting for his life.
After some health issues set him back he needs a little boost to make it through this rough patch, please help out if you can..
After some rigorous medical treatment, the virus was completely eliminated from his body.
After stripping him down and shopping for body parts, they have determined that they may harvest muscle from his chest, skin from his upper right thigh and left arm as well as vessels from the right thigh which is a lot more than originally planned.
After such a long health ordeal she deserves our support!
After surgery she had to have a blood transfusion because she lost to much blood in surgery.
After testing, he believes he can save me.
After that we sent the owner a message saying we need to cancel our reservation immediately!
After that, she will be able to receive her prosthetic eye.
After that, we'll be able to start the radiation treatment she needs.
After the blood he got the upper/lower endo.
After the breakdown of his marriage and wanting to remain as close to his children as possible he rented a private flat.
After the collection, he will be admitted to the hospital for so more chemo.
After the joyous birth of their son, complications from surgery caused an aggressive bacterial infection to take hold.
After the removal they refused the transplant due to related displaced water in her body which was of course their fault because she had no kidneys anymore.
After the storm is a rainbow.
After the storm the sun comes out .
After the surgery he was able to eat.
After the transplant.
After the weather cleared, we went out for a walk in search of small gifts for our family.
After they are over we will have gained much wisdom!
After this is all said and done, we'll all go out to dinner!
After this you won’t have an excuse why you can’t hit a target with a machine gun.
After this, doctors will finally be able to begin treating the issue.
After this, please go around and dogproof your place even  better!
After this, you will be able to do more  than ever before!!!
After undergoing various medical test concern doctors told us to do urgent liver transplant because it affect kidney severely and delay may cause  both organ need to be transplant in near future .
After you get your new pearly whites, grab some steaks for you and your family on me!
After you have that new tooth and you're all healed, look into cloning yourself, will you?
After, she was advised by her oncology to have 12cycle of chemotheraphy .
Afterall they know best what to do with it.
Aftercare etc.
Afterward we'll have a big celebration in honor of you.
Afterwards, my parents friends joined us for dinner.
Aférrate a Él con toda tu fé y devoción.
Again  thank  you.
Again & again you continue to encourage me!
Again , we thank each and everyone for the continued support , prayers , kindness and generosity.
Again - all the best.
Again - spreading positivity.
Again a big thanks to my family and friends for all the prays and support it means so much to my family.
Again a very heartfelt thank you for your kindness.
Again am so sorry
Again appreciate all your kind  generosity.
Again appreciate all your kind generosity.
Again because of it working/ doing its job.
Again bless you all.
Again deepest condolences to the whole family
Again doing as you do, help and give to others.
Again great thanks to you all.
Again her heart looks great and is working perfect and there isn't anything that they can see that is wrong with her.
Again i can not thank everyone enough !!
Again if you don't feel comfortable donating to the website you can send a money order, check or even a gift card.
Again just want to say thank you for all your generosity
Again look after yourself
Again my deepest condolences to a loving mother a son taking way to early...
Again my heart is filled with love and encouragement from your many prayers and words of comfort.
Again my thoughts and prayers of comfort are extended to you and to the family of your nephew.
Again our family thanks you all for your love and support.
Again prayers being sent your way.
Again prayers!♥️
Again so sorry it didn't work out with time share.
Again thank u all!
Again thank u so much to everyone.
Again thank you
Again thank you , and please share to all of ur family and friends.
Again thank you .
Again thank you all
Again thank you all for the immense support from start to end of our voyage.
Again thank you all so much for your thoughts, prayers and donations!
Again thank you all so much!
Again thank you all!
Again thank you all!!!
Again thank you all!!!!
Again thank you all, and will keep you all updated with our recovery.
Again thank you all.
Again thank you and we love you all
Again thank you everyone for all you are doing.
Again thank you everyone for the outpouring of love and prayers!
Again thank you everyone for your donations!!
Again thank you everyone for your prayers and support
Again thank you everyone.
Again thank you for everyone that has helped in anyway shape or form.
Again thank you for everyone’s prayers, love, donations of food, offers to walk with me etc.
Again thank you for everything!
Again thank you for lifting our family up with your prayers and generous support
Again thank you for the support.
Again thank you for trying to help me either by donating or sharing.
Again thank you for your consideration in giving toward this endeavor and especially your prayers.