I pray  for the happiness of your son .
I pray  that everything goes well and for a speedy recovery!
I pray  the doctors can help her.
I pray  the doctors there are filled with wisdom and will have the knowledge and  ability  to help you have your body restored to good health once again.
I pray  this donation helps toward your goal to rebuild your mother house.
I pray  you are able to get up and walk when you receive your new lungs!
I pray & hope the best for you both.
I pray 2017 is the most positive for her going forward!
I pray a blessing on you and your family.
I pray a creative miracle over you and that the resources pour in on your behalf.
I pray a cure is found for this horrible disease.
I pray a cure is found!
I pray a great deal will come your way.
I pray a healing miracle sweeps over you.
I pray a miracle on his body in jesus name.
I pray a speedy recovery for you.
I pray a speedy recovery.
I pray against complications and infections!!
I pray against negative energy, negative thinking, doubt, disbelief, challenges, and debt.
I pray all continues to go well.
I pray all ends well.
I pray all goes well !!!
I pray all goes well and for a speedy recovery!
I pray all goes well and you have a full and fast recovery.
I pray all goes well and you will get the surgery you need soon.
I pray all goes well for this beautiful baby!
I pray all goes well with you and your family .
I pray all goes well with you.
I pray all goes well with your baby!
I pray all goes well with your mother's treatment.
I pray all goes well!
I pray all goes well.
I pray all good things to come to your family!
I pray all hands rally to your aid.
I pray all is successful.
I pray all is well
I pray all is well and we are in agreement with your prayers.
I pray all is well.
I pray all of the treatment she receives will help her.
I pray all the time for her to get better!
I pray all these donations multiply and give you all you need!
I pray all turns out great
I pray all turns out ok and she gets better
I pray all turns out well.
I pray all will be ok ...you all are in our prayers!
I pray all will be well.
I pray all will go good for you and your family
I pray all work out for you family and  sister!!
I pray all works out and you get what you need....blessings
I pray all works out as expected.
I pray all works out for you and that you have a speedy recovery.
I pray all your needs are met.
I pray all your needs will be met.
I pray all your requests come true, you are a good friend of mine forever.
I pray also that you can rest in his comforting peace as you need it.
I pray also you have applied for social security disability and state medical assistance.
I pray and believe in a miracle for you.
I pray and hope all difficult times pass soon!!!
I pray and hope for her full recovery .
I pray and hope for success for your daughter's health.
I pray and hope he gets better.
I pray and hope he gets well soon.
I pray and hope it stands him in good stead now.
I pray and hope she will get well.
I pray and hope that a cure will some time be found for this illness.
I pray and hope that he makes a speedy recovery.
I pray and hope that you get better.
I pray and hope that you get this opportunity.
I pray and hope that your baby heals .. keeping him in my prayers
I pray and hope this wish comes true.
I pray and hope you find out what is wrong and that you beat this!
I pray and hope you get the best care, our love to you
I pray and hope you reach your goal.
I pray and hope your mom gets through this.
I pray and think of peace for you.
I pray and wish her a long and healthy life.
I pray and wish her the best of luck....
I pray and wish the best for my young cousin!
I pray and wish them the very best.
I pray and wish you a very long healthy and blissful life.
I pray and wish you all the best
I pray and wish you and your family all the health and happiness this world has to offer.
I pray and wish you and your wife the best.
I pray anyoud think about you.
I pray baby girl has a successful surgery and speedy recovery
I pray babygirl gets the treatment she needs and gets better.
I pray better times are on the way for you.
I pray blessings for her and family.
I pray blessings for your hearts ~
I pray blessings to you and your donor.
I pray both of you experience full healing , that a suddenly will happen and you run and are not weary.
I pray cancer never have it’s way with a single person ever and that all recover and healed miraculously to never invade your body again!
I pray comfort to the family.
I pray complete and divine healing.
I pray complete healing over your life.
I pray consistently for you.
I pray constantly for your family.
I pray continuously for the hometown to have clean, safe water.
I pray deeply for your peace and rest for you all.
I pray donors can be found for all of your precious children!
I pray each gift given by many friends and family helps you and your sweet girl in a big way.
I pray each person you know is able to give a little to help you meet your goal.
I pray even the smallest of donation helps a family in need of support and their focus can remain on their child and their hearts lifted by the love that surrounds them.
I pray every day many times for you to heal quickly and fully.
I pray every day that she is cured.
I pray every day you are given new answers.
I pray every day your dog is ok and gets better soon.
I pray every day!!
I pray every little bit helps you guys so you can get back to a sense of normalicy.
I pray every nite that the medical world finds a cure or something to help cope with his disease!
I pray everyday .
I pray everyday for a cure!!
I pray everyday for a miracle for her.
I pray everyday for compete healing.
I pray everyday for healing and helping her and her family get through this.
I pray everyday for her and her husband to be back to full health.
I pray everyday for my best friend.
I pray everyday for that miracle.
I pray everyday for them and their medical team
I pray everyday for this little angel.
I pray everyday for this little to be well again.
I pray everyday for ya'll.
I pray everyday for you
I pray everyday for you and people like us to be well!
I pray everyday for you and your lovely family sweetie.
I pray everyday for you to get better.
I pray everyday for you.
I pray everyday for your full recovery.
I pray everyday for your healing.
I pray everyday for your son, your whole family.
I pray everyday for your transplant
I pray everyday that he beats cancer.
I pray everyday that he will start to get stronger and beat this shit!!!
I pray everyday that the treatments are successful and that the insurance companies acknowledge lyme disease.
I pray everyday that this sweet girl will be baking cupcakes for many, many, many years to come.
I pray everyday to be blessed with a child.
I pray everyday to you and your family.
I pray everyday you get enough money to achieve your independence xxxx
I pray everyone else will also.
I pray everyone who hears the call, can find it in their hearts to reach out and give.
I pray everything for you and your family will go well.
I pray everything gets better
I pray everything gets better with the help of god.
I pray everything goes as smoothly as possible and you are back doing what you love to do as you have been planning!
I pray everything goes just fine for him.
I pray everything goes smoothly and for a quick recovery.
I pray everything goes very well!
I pray everything goes well
I pray everything goes well !
I pray everything goes well and others will help.
I pray everything goes well and that you fully recover.
I pray everything goes well for your beautiful little girl.
I pray everything goes well for your sweet baby boy!!
I pray everything goes well with the surgery.
I pray everything goes well with you!
I pray everything goes well!!!
I pray everything goes well.
I pray everything is a success.
I pray everything is going well and the treatment is a success.
I pray everything turns out alright
I pray everything turns out okay for you guys!
I pray everything will be ok
I pray everything will go well in surgery.
I pray everything will go well.
I pray everything work out!!!
I pray everything works out and you soon have your life saving transplant
I pray everything works out for her and i pray the fam stay strong for her.. infinit blessings to yall
I pray everything works out for her.
I pray everything works out for y'all.
I pray everything works out for yall.
I pray everything works out for you and you no longer have to be in such pain.
I pray everything works out!!
I pray for  everyone
I pray for a beautiful fun party!
I pray for a beautiful, miraculous healing.
I pray for a bone marrow donor is found.
I pray for a breakthrough miracle in healing for her body.
I pray for a complete and total healing.
I pray for a complete recovery for her to get back to life, her family and to doing what she does best, caring for others.
I pray for a complete recovery for him.
I pray for a complete recovery.
I pray for a cure
I pray for a cure and hope for a good outcome.
I pray for a cure every day.
I pray for a cure everyday.
I pray for a cure for this disease.
I pray for a cure for this horrible disease.
I pray for a cure for you and for all affected.
I pray for a cure for your family and everyone effected by this disease.
I pray for a cure for your illness and  a full recovery.
I pray for a cure soon!
I pray for a cure xx
I pray for a cure.
I pray for a donor for you and a full recovery.
I pray for a fast and full recovery!
I pray for a fast and safe recovery
I pray for a fast and speedy recovery!
I pray for a fast and successful recovery.
I pray for a fast healing.
I pray for a fast recovery!
I pray for a fast recovery.
I pray for a full a speedy recovery !
I pray for a full and speedy recovery for both of them.
I pray for a full manifestation of a cure and that all funds will be raised to cover all cost associated.
I pray for a full recovery
I pray for a full recovery and completely healed.
I pray for a full recovery for her.
I pray for a full recovery for your dad.
I pray for a full recovery!
I pray for a full recovery.
I pray for a full, speedy, painless recovery!
I pray for a great conference!
I pray for a great outcome for your little one.
I pray for a happy and just resolution, and for peace and healing for all.
I pray for a healing.
I pray for a healthy turn around.
I pray for a life full of joy and laughter!
I pray for a live doner for you, and rapid healing for both you and diner.
I pray for a match all the time.
I pray for a miracle and for healing.
I pray for a miracle cure!
I pray for a miracle everyday.
I pray for a miracle for you and your family to beat this.
I pray for a miracle for you husband.
I pray for a miracle on this baby!
I pray for a miracle that your sister will recover from her present condition and return back to a normal life.
I pray for a miracle, in all forms, for this family.
I pray for a miracle.
I pray for a miraculous healing.
I pray for a miraculous, whole, healthy, healed body for you.
I pray for a most successful surgery and recovery for her and the family and this most amazing guardian angel donor.
I pray for a much needed recovery
I pray for a pain free life for you
I pray for a quick cure!
I pray for a quick healing!!!
I pray for a quick recovery and a happy, healthy life together!
I pray for a quick recovery and strength in your time of need.
I pray for a quick recovery of  the child
I pray for a quick recovery.
I pray for a recovery.
I pray for a return to good health.
I pray for a safe and speedy recovery for the both of them.
I pray for a safe surgery.
I pray for a safe trip and a hopeful and positive recovery.
I pray for a slow progression.
I pray for a smooth operation and speedy recovery.
I pray for a smooth recovery and especially for the re-adjustment to life at home with the kiddos.
I pray for a smooth, easy, fast and complete recovery.
I pray for a speedy  recovery
I pray for a speedy and complete recovery
I pray for a speedy and full recovery soon.
I pray for a speedy and strong recovery for you.
I pray for a speedy and thorough recovery!
I pray for a speedy recovery
I pray for a speedy recovery and a wonderful life once you recover.
I pray for a speedy recovery and will be thinking of you and your family!
I pray for a speedy recovery for you dear friend.
I pray for a speedy recovery for your baby!
I pray for a speedy recovery for your little one and continued strength for you
I pray for a speedy recovery without complications.
I pray for a speedy recovery!
I pray for a speedy recovery!!
I pray for a speedy recovery.
I pray for a succesfull operation and recovery
I pray for a successful journey to health.
I pray for a successful operation and a strong recovery.❤️
I pray for a successful operation and quick recovery.
I pray for a successful recovery for this beautiful child.
I pray for a successful recovery... and anything to make life easier for you guys and her.
I pray for a successful surgery and easy recovery!
I pray for a successful surgery and fast healing!
I pray for a successful surgery and rapid recovery for you both
I pray for a successful surgery.
I pray for a successful treatment and speedy recovery.
I pray for a swift recovery.
I pray for a total healing right now.
I pray for a wonderful outcome for you and your family.
I pray for a wonderful recovery for you.
I pray for absolute success with this transplant for your husband.
I pray for abundance in your finances.
I pray for all doctors and therapists involved in his care.
I pray for all of you as you go through this ~ much love.
I pray for all of you constantly.
I pray for all of you every day!
I pray for all of you have have strength.
I pray for all of you!
I pray for all of you.
I pray for all our service people.
I pray for all people struggling, battling with whatever.
I pray for all the medical staff and researchers that loving kindness and dedication will cure this terrible disease and save these girls and all others with or soon to be diagnosed with this.
I pray for all the sick kids that are fighting.
I pray for all the strength, patience and faith you need during this difficult time.
I pray for all those battling this horrible disease.
I pray for all those children born or diagnosed with cancer.
I pray for all those fighting cancer, those that will be fighting and those that have fought bravely.
I pray for all to have the strength to continue to endure and treasure the moments you have with a wonderful mother and grandmother.
I pray for all who have this type of problem.
I pray for all who loved her, for comfort and peace, faith and hope.
I pray for all your intentions.
I pray for an even better outcome than the last one.
I pray for an expedient recovery free from the fear of not meeting financial needs.
I pray for an incredibly fast recovery  for you both!!
I pray for and wish you well
I pray for and your family
I pray for answers and cures.
I pray for both children to heal and shine!
I pray for both of you to have strength and courage to deal with this!
I pray for both of you.
I pray for both you and your family.
I pray for clarity and understanding and for the doctors who are working to a cure give them the wisdom and insight .
I pray for comfort and for the help of generous souls of this community.
I pray for comfort and healing
I pray for comfort and healing for you, my friend.
I pray for comfort and healing for your family.
I pray for comfort and peace for her family and friends.
I pray for comfort and peace for this family❤️
I pray for comfort and peace for you all.
I pray for comfort and peace for you and the family.
I pray for comfort and peace to you and your family.
I pray for comfort and peace to your family during this trying time.
I pray for comfort and strength for you all.
I pray for comfort for you and your brother.
I pray for comfort for you and your family.
I pray for comfort to you, your family and friends during this time and always.
I pray for comfort, wellness, peace, and dignity.
I pray for complete and speedy recovery!
I pray for complete healing
I pray for complete healing and a speedy recovery for your wife.
I pray for complete healing and blessings to all.
I pray for complete healing and fir the peace that passes all understanding.
I pray for complete healing and recovery.
I pray for complete healing and strength and peace to get through this fight.
I pray for complete healing for all of you.
I pray for complete healing for you!
I pray for complete healing of your dad's body.
I pray for complete healing of your son and strength for you all.
I pray for complete healing over your body!
I pray for complete healing!
I pray for complete healing!!!
I pray for complete healing, strengh and love.
I pray for complete health and peace.
I pray for continued blessings for  daniella.
I pray for continued healing & monetary support!
I pray for continued healing and blessings.
I pray for continued healing and restoration, and that you will be able to keep your spirits (and appetite!)
I pray for continued healing!!!
I pray for continued healing, strength and encouragement.
I pray for continued health and happiness.....and patience for the insurance companies.
I pray for continued hope, lifted spirits and the miracle of a heart that is just right for her
I pray for continued strength  that you will together defy the odds!
I pray for continued strength and excellent health for this beautiful baby girl!
I pray for continued strength and healing.
I pray for continued strength for all of you as well as for the medical staff who care for you.
I pray for continued success in your treatment.
I pray for continuing healing and recovery!
I pray for dad...
I pray for divine healing and restoration of health on your behalf.
I pray for each of you.
I pray for each one to be clear thinking and fully able to receive wisdom from you as the surgery is in progress.
I pray for ease and comfort for you and your family, knowing that your precious son will be with you forever.
I pray for ease for you and your family.
I pray for every moment to be cherished and happily spent with your family and friends.
I pray for everyone who has lost their battle to this vicious disease and give strength to the families to never lose faith.
I pray for fast healing and great days ahead!
I pray for fast recovery!
I pray for fast recovery.
I pray for for her cousin and her family.
I pray for friends and family.
I pray for full and complete healing for you and strength and comfort as you go through your treatments!
I pray for full healing.
I pray for full health and recovery, and the strength you, your wife and family need to get you through.
I pray for full health to be restored and all medical bills to be swept away with outpourings of love.
I pray for full recovery and remission.
I pray for full recovery and that you are able to get treatment soon.
I pray for full recovery for all of you.
I pray for full recovery.
I pray for gods healing peace and protection in this time of need in your situation .
I pray for good health for you!
I pray for good health, clean test results,  and a speedy recovery.
I pray for good things to come.
I pray for happiness to replace your sadness and joy find you again, soon.
I pray for he and his family and hope that knowing how many people love and care for them will bring them comfort.
I pray for healing
I pray for healing  and blessings  on baby and family.
I pray for healing and a complete recovery.
I pray for healing and comfort during this time of loss.
I pray for healing and comfort for you all.
I pray for healing and comfort for you and your family
I pray for healing and comfort for you and your family.
I pray for healing and comfort for you family at this time.
I pray for healing and comfort for you.
I pray for healing and comfort.
I pray for healing and continuance of good spirits as he beats this!
I pray for healing and elimination of debt!
I pray for healing and financial help for you!
I pray for healing and for peace for you all
I pray for healing and for strength.
I pray for healing and happiness for her and your fami ly.
I pray for healing and many blessings to her entire family.
I pray for healing and miracles do happen.
I pray for healing and peace
I pray for healing and peace for your family!
I pray for healing and peace through this tough time.
I pray for healing and recovery and to rebuke and negativity that is trying to come your way!
I pray for healing and restoration for both of you.
I pray for healing and speedy recovery.
I pray for healing and strength as you kick cancer in the butt!
I pray for healing and strength as you travel this road.
I pray for healing and strength for you .
I pray for healing and strength for you and your family.
I pray for healing and support through this tough time.
I pray for healing and that every need will be met.
I pray for healing and that he comfort you during this time.
I pray for healing and that he gives you peace as you go through this storm.
I pray for healing and the treatment that you need.
I pray for healing and total restoration
I pray for healing for baby boy and his parents.
I pray for healing for this sweet little girl.
I pray for healing for you lil man
I pray for healing for your body and praying for a miracle of finances ❤️
I pray for healing for your mom and peace within each of you.
I pray for healing for your precious family.
I pray for healing for your sweet boy!
I pray for healing mercies.
I pray for healing of your body.
I pray for healing on both your bodies.
I pray for healing strength.
I pray for healing to overwhelm your body and spirit.
I pray for healing ♥
I pray for healing ♥️
I pray for healing, and that others will help with this vital cause.
I pray for healing, comfort and as little pain as possible.
I pray for healing, comfort and peace for you all.
I pray for healing, joy, and peace.
I pray for healing, peace, comfort and strength.
I pray for healing, strength and encouragement for you during this stressful time.
I pray for healing, strength, faith and hope!
I pray for healing, wisdom, guidance and comfort during these times.
I pray for healing,comfort, peace and a very speedy recovery.
I pray for healing.
I pray for health a d vitality.
I pray for health and healing for you.
I pray for health and restoration.
I pray for health and the ability to enjoy the little things that makes your heart happy!
I pray for health for you all.
I pray for healthy recovery for your babies !
I pray for her
I pray for her & you also are now included in those prayers for your kindness/caring.
I pray for her and her entire family.
I pray for her and her family!!
I pray for her and her family.
I pray for her and little daughter.
I pray for her and the family.
I pray for her and you to be strong and to be able to hold on to all the blessings you have in life till this pass.
I pray for her complete cure.
I pray for her complete healing ❤
I pray for her complete recovery and she should go into complete remission and never look back.
I pray for her darling little boys.
I pray for her early recovery.
I pray for her family and can say she’s looking down on all of us and wants us all to continue go on.
I pray for her family and friends to have comfort through this healing process of grief.
I pray for her full recovery ❤️
I pray for her healing & full recovery in jesus name.
I pray for her healing.
I pray for her health and happiness!
I pray for her health and your peace and strength.
I pray for her health to be restored.
I pray for her health.
I pray for her often!
I pray for her recovery and so she can have good health.
I pray for her recovery!
I pray for her recovery.
I pray for her recuperation.
I pray for her sister's complete recovery from this awful disease.
I pray for her so much you're head would spin.
I pray for her speedy recovery, of everything that is and has gone on.
I pray for her strength and wisdom to meet the trials of coping with her life.
I pray for her to be healthy and happy.
I pray for her to beat this and have a quick and full recovery.
I pray for her to beat this horrible disease!
I pray for her to get well soon.
I pray for her to have a speedy recovery.
I pray for her well being.
I pray for her winning the battle.
I pray for her with all my heart.
I pray for her, and your family, as well as the doctors to be able to help.
I pray for her.
I pray for him !
I pray for him and all of you.
I pray for him and his family
I pray for him and his family everyday.
I pray for him and his family.
I pray for him and is family everyday!
I pray for him and the family
I pray for him and wish that that surgery was his last one .
I pray for him to get some relief.
I pray for him to get well.
I pray for him,his wife and children.
I pray for him.
I pray for his comfort, his medical team's knowledge  and your strength.
I pray for his complete and full recovery!
I pray for his complete recovery.
I pray for his continued strength to bear this unbearable treatment.
I pray for his full recovery
I pray for his full recovery from this awful menace.
I pray for his full recovery.
I pray for his healing and for inner peace.
I pray for his healing and hope he can return.
I pray for his healing and recovery.
I pray for his healing and thank all of you that are thinking of us!
I pray for his healing power to manifest in your body.
I pray for his healing ❤️
I pray for his healing.
I pray for his health and recovery.
I pray for his health.
I pray for his increase in your life as well as any funds raised in your fight against cancer.
I pray for his mothers strength and understanding right now!
I pray for his new lungs to come quickly and for his transplant and recovery to be successful.
I pray for his patience and for understanding.
I pray for his provisions for you and the family.
I pray for his quick recovery.
I pray for his recovery
I pray for his recovery and for his family.
I pray for his recovery and for the well being of your family.
I pray for his recovery and want to take part in this fund raiser for it is for a great cause.
I pray for his recovery with no further complications.
I pray for his recovery xxx
I pray for his speedy recovery.
I pray for his strength and fast recovery.
I pray for his strength and wisdom.
I pray for his swift recovery!
I pray for his wife that she can keep getting better, for him and his whole family.
I pray for hope and healing.
I pray for hpod health for ypu and those you love.
I pray for instant miracle for you my brother.
I pray for justice for you and all our other brave men and women♡
I pray for kids recovery.
I pray for knowledge and skill for the medical staff, peace and comfort to you and your family.
I pray for less stress, an healing.
I pray for little one to get healthy.
I pray for little seeds to implant in your heart.
I pray for love and healing that only you can give father.
I pray for medical insights and solutions as well as financial support through approval of disability during this time of need.
I pray for medical insights and solutions, and financial support through approval of your disability application during this time of need.
I pray for mental emotional spiritual & physical healing for this young man
I pray for mercy, peace, relief from pain, stress, comfort and that you touch her with your healing hand.
I pray for miracles and healing!
I pray for mommy and daddy for strength  and  peace during this most difficult time.
I pray for more good news there.
I pray for more sunshine when there is rain!
I pray for my friend everyday!!!
I pray for my little man...by now he's "everybody" little man.
I pray for my old friend and hope to see him soon.
I pray for nothing but health and healing for you and your family ❤️
I pray for nothing but the best for him!
I pray for only good things ahead for your life.
I pray for patience, healing, and for your will to be done.
I pray for peace and calmness in your lives and for you precious little guy to heal quickly:)
I pray for peace and closure.
I pray for peace and comfort for the family and friends of this precious little doll.
I pray for peace and comfort for you all as you go through this.
I pray for peace and comfort for you and your families
I pray for peace and comfort for you and your family during this time.
I pray for peace and comfort for your dad and your family.
I pray for peace and comfort for your family .
I pray for peace and comfort to get you through another tragic loss.
I pray for peace and comfort!
I pray for peace and comfort.
I pray for peace and complete healing!
I pray for peace and healing for you all ❤️
I pray for peace and healing over all of you.
I pray for peace and understanding for your family.
I pray for peace and understanding in the time thats coming.
I pray for peace as you guys go thru this storm.
I pray for peace for all of you during this difficult time.
I pray for peace for all of you.
I pray for peace for the family.
I pray for peace for their family through such a tough time in their lives.
I pray for peace for them as they learn to cope with their loss, and they learn to carry the happy memories with a smile.
I pray for peace for you all.
I pray for peace for your family
I pray for peace for your family.
I pray for peace in all your hearts and strength to carry on.
I pray for peace in all your hearts.
I pray for peace in your hearts as you remember those you've lost and hope your thoughts are filled with happy memories of your time together.
I pray for peace that surpasses all understanding.
I pray for peace, comfort and strength for you and your family during this difficult time and may you all be surrounded by love.
I pray for peace, comfort, pain relief & healing.
I pray for peace, strength and blessing for you and your family.
I pray for perfect health and for you to get enough money to go to college.
I pray for physician knowledge and care as you continue this journey.
I pray for positive outcomes only.
I pray for quick healing and financial relief!
I pray for quick healing and good health.
I pray for quick recovery
I pray for quick recovery.
I pray for recovery.
I pray for relief for all of you.
I pray for relief for you.
I pray for remission for both of our daughters.
I pray for remission.
I pray for research and discovery and cure.
I pray for rest for you and keep a song in your heart.
I pray for safe healing, stay strong beautiful!
I pray for safety for your little girl and the best care possible!
I pray for speedy  healing and recovery.
I pray for speedy recovery!
I pray for speedy recovery.
I pray for strength and a clean diagnosis so so soon.
I pray for strength and all good things for your family.
I pray for strength and clarity in this moment of confusion.
I pray for strength and comfort and peach for you all.
I pray for strength and comfort for the family.
I pray for strength and comfort for y'all.
I pray for strength and comfort.
I pray for strength and courage to get you through this journey.
I pray for strength and healing
I pray for strength and healing for you all.
I pray for strength and healing for you at this time.
I pray for strength and healing for you.
I pray for strength and health.
I pray for strength and peace for you
I pray for strength and peace for your entire family.
I pray for strength and peace for your family during this time.
I pray for strength and solace for you all
I pray for strength and that your family and son get through this difficult time.
I pray for strength as you face this.
I pray for strength for all of you during this trying time.
I pray for strength for all of you...
I pray for strength for both of you.
I pray for strength for each of them.
I pray for strength for family during this difficult time.
I pray for strength for her and her family, and love to get them through this ♡
I pray for strength for the entire family.
I pray for strength for them all.
I pray for strength for you all.
I pray for strength for you and your darling little girl.
I pray for strength for you and your family through this difficult time.
I pray for strength for you and your family.
I pray for strength for you and your husband that this will unite you even closer.
I pray for strength for you to get through it.
I pray for strength for your family during this difficult time.
I pray for strength for your spirit.
I pray for strength for y’all during this time.
I pray for strength in your marriage and in your family as you go through this difficult time in your lives.
I pray for strength to you and your family in everything, also for peace with the doctors that you choose.
I pray for strength,  courage & relief!
I pray for strength, comfort and healing.
I pray for strength, guidance, and especially healing.
I pray for strength, healing & life!!!
I pray for strength, healing, and comfort...
I pray for strength, health, and peace for you and your family.
I pray for strength, hope and patience as you wait for the greatest blessing coming your way.
I pray for strength, hope, love and peace for your family, and especially for your mom!
I pray for strength, love and hope for your family to get through such a trying time.
I pray for strength, peace, and love for her and her family.
I pray for strength, perseverance, joy and healing for you and your family.
I pray for strength.
I pray for strong faith to your family.
I pray for success in her operation.
I pray for success!
I pray for successful treatment and elimination of the cancer.
I pray for successful treatment.
I pray for summers mommy too lord that you will give her the strength she needs to guide her through this new path in her life.
I pray for tender mercies to rain down on loved ones.
I pray for the  care and expertise needed as you seek alternatives .
I pray for the best and great health going forward.
I pray for the best and quickest recovery.
I pray for the best for everyone...
I pray for the best for you and hope that you will be able to make lasting memories in the time to come.
I pray for the best for you and your family.
I pray for the best for your brother-in-law and family
I pray for the best for your sister and family.
I pray for the best for your sister.
I pray for the best for your whole family.
I pray for the best outcome and agree with your efforts to change your diet and routine to get a different result.
I pray for the best possible outcome.
I pray for the best to come through at this time.
I pray for the best!
I pray for the best, love her.
I pray for the best.
I pray for the both of you everyday.
I pray for the children of the poor and the mother that can't feed her child.
I pray for the comfort of his family.
I pray for the correct diagnosis and course of treatment.
I pray for the doctors to return your smile and wonderful personality that we all enjoy.
I pray for the doctors who are caring for her and all the details that go into that.
I pray for the doctors.
I pray for the end of this terrible disease.
I pray for the family.
I pray for the god for speedy recovery
I pray for the great things to happen for your family.
I pray for the healing of your body, soul, and spirit.
I pray for the health and fast recovery to nickolaz my blessings to you and nicholaz hope god cover him with his magical hands and take away any sickness and pain dios te bendiga a ti y a tu bebe
I pray for the magic!
I pray for the medical team to have wisdom and discernment to know what to do or not do!
I pray for the miraculous recovery that you need and deserve so much.
I pray for the pain to subside, rest and comfort to come, and that he feels the love from every one of those around him.
I pray for the planet, the water, the air and soil, our food, our children and elders, our warriors and peacemakers, the unborn and dying and all of us who want to live healthy and well without the contamination and pollution destroying our beautiful home.
I pray for the proper and timely treatment for your little girl.
I pray for the same outcome for you.
I pray for the same results for you!
I pray for the soon breakthrough in this situation
I pray for the speedy recovery.
I pray for the very best care and for healing.
I pray for the very best for her because that what she deserves.
I pray for the very best for you and your beautiful children.
I pray for the very best of what is coming up!
I pray for the very best outcomes beautiful girl.
I pray for the whole family.
I pray for their full recovery.
I pray for them all.
I pray for them and may almighty give them strength to fight against this deadly disease.
I pray for them and the physicians  and nurses who care for the boys and are there for her as well.
I pray for them everyday.
I pray for this boy !
I pray for this child and his family.
I pray for this family and their son.
I pray for this girl and her family.
I pray for this in your name.
I pray for this other single mom recently diagnosed with breast cancer!
I pray for this sweet girl's recovery.
I pray for this sweet young lady nightly!!!
I pray for thos baby boy
I pray for total & complete healing!
I pray for total healing and complete restoration of your body!
I pray for total healing!
I pray for total wholeness and healing.
I pray for u all always!
I pray for u and ur family every night!
I pray for u... stay strong and fight like me i have cancer ... hugs
I pray for ur beautiful angel
I pray for waffles!
I pray for wellness, ease of pain, and fast healing for you.
I pray for wisdom and clarity for the doctors, understanding and fairness from the insurance companies, and peace and patience for you and your husband.
I pray for wisdom on the medical team that is assisting with this affection that has come upon you.
I pray for y'all everyday.
I pray for you
I pray for you & that this treatment helps you.
I pray for you & your family everyday.
I pray for you & your whole family during this storm.
I pray for you all .
I pray for you all always.
I pray for you all every day!!
I pray for you all everyday!
I pray for you all everyday.
I pray for you all frequently.
I pray for you all several times a day, you are always on my mind.
I pray for you all the time !!
I pray for you all the time :)
I pray for you all the time!
I pray for you all the time!!
I pray for you all the time.
I pray for you all to stay strong & keep fighting!
I pray for you all.
I pray for you always.
I pray for you and all struggling
I pray for you and family
I pray for you and hubby, and now the baby often.
I pray for you and i am glad i seen this gofundme account.
I pray for you and send big hugs and love your way.
I pray for you and send my best wishes!
I pray for you and send you my love and good thoughts!!!
I pray for you and thank you for giving me the knowledge that we are not alone
I pray for you and that the balance of this amount will be provided to you.
I pray for you and the family
I pray for you and think of you all the time.
I pray for you and those who have lost significant others, family members, and friends.
I pray for you and wish you health, health and health.
I pray for you and you are in my thoughts all the time.
I pray for you and your boy.
I pray for you and your brother
I pray for you and your children.
I pray for you and your family
I pray for you and your family always to continue in having health and happiness❤️
I pray for you and your family and am so saddened by your circumstances, but the lord waits on you brother.
I pray for you and your family and hold my thumbs for you!
I pray for you and your family and hope that this helps!!!
I pray for you and your family and hope that you can spend all the time that you can with them.
I pray for you and your family as you continue your journey to beat this disease.
I pray for you and your family as you live life to its fullest.
I pray for you and your family constantly.
I pray for you and your family doing this difficult time.
I pray for you and your family during such a difficult time.
I pray for you and your family during this difficult time.
I pray for you and your family during this time.
I pray for you and your family every day and will continue to do so.
I pray for you and your family everyday keep fighting!
I pray for you and your family everyday.
I pray for you and your family in this time.
I pray for you and your family often.
I pray for you and your family regularly.
I pray for you and your family to be strong and courageous and for your medical team to have wisdom.
I pray for you and your family to continue your fight with hope and endurance.
I pray for you and your family to find some sense of peace in this most difficult time.
I pray for you and your family to get through this quickly!
I pray for you and your family to get through this.
I pray for you and your family to have strength for this difficult fight.
I pray for you and your family!
I pray for you and your family, and hope all is going well in this difficult situation.
I pray for you and your family, stay strong
I pray for you and your family.
I pray for you and your kids!
I pray for you and your kindness to these amazing animals all the time.
I pray for you and your sister for strength and comfort as well.
I pray for you and your strength, you can fight this.
I pray for you and your wellness to recover.
I pray for you and your wife.
I pray for you and yours.
I pray for you both.
I pray for you bro.
I pray for you brotha
I pray for you che,
I pray for you constantly, love and hugs to you!
I pray for you constantly.
I pray for you dear one.
I pray for you during this very difficult time and offer my deepest condolences to your family.
I pray for you ever day!
I pray for you every day .
I pray for you every day and know that you will a survivor/thriver.
I pray for you every day and so do my friends and family.
I pray for you every day girfriend!
I pray for you every day my sweet baby girl.
I pray for you every day sage.
I pray for you every day so that your journey is as comfortable as possible.
I pray for you every day!
I pray for you every day, and you are the kind and classy lady.
I pray for you every day, wish all your pain and suffering would stop!
I pray for you every day.
I pray for you every day.. get well my friend , miss you and cant wait to work along side you again.
I pray for you every night:)xo
I pray for you everyday !
I pray for you everyday and i love you guys so much .. julia you are so special and i love you so much iam so proud of you for being such a kind and incredibly beautiful person i love you so much and iam always here for you you have done such a wonderful job and we are going to get through this together all of us ❤❤
I pray for you everyday my friend.
I pray for you everyday sweetheart along with many, many more.
I pray for you everyday!
I pray for you everyday!!
I pray for you everyday!!!!!
I pray for you everyday.
I pray for you family and wish the best.
I pray for you girl .
I pray for you guys everyday on this heartbreaking/battling journey!
I pray for you guys often.
I pray for you guys!
I pray for you guys.
I pray for you have a smooth recovery and healing.
I pray for you healing and health.
I pray for you healing, peace and much happiness!
I pray for you health and strength through your journey.
I pray for you hun stay strong.
I pray for you in this time of need.
I pray for you in your time of need and for your girl friend and family.
I pray for you in your time of sorrow.
I pray for you journey to be healthy, safe, and surrounded by peace.
I pray for you man
I pray for you mom’s healing and your endurance.
I pray for you must every day for healing and strength.
I pray for you my brotha!
I pray for you my sister.
I pray for you often and know you have a bright future!
I pray for you often!
I pray for you often.
I pray for you on your journey.
I pray for you speedy recovery.
I pray for you sweet lady.
I pray for you that an amazing job opportunity comes your way.
I pray for you that everything will come out okay.
I pray for you that everything works out fine.
I pray for you that everything works out!
I pray for you that you make a full recovery!
I pray for you that you may have a full recovery and that you will feel whole again.
I pray for you to be able to make the best decision.
I pray for you to be alright soon.
I pray for you to be always happy and be healthy.
I pray for you to be enriched during this time of great challenge.
I pray for you to be free of pain and fight this battle with all you have.
I pray for you to come home healthy.
I pray for you to feel better.
I pray for you to get better and to beat this sickness..
I pray for you to get better soon.
I pray for you to get better.
I pray for you to get well and to get the answers needed.
I pray for you to get well soon and for your every day's happiness.
I pray for you to get well soon and sell me another phone soon!
I pray for you to get your life back as it was before you got sick.
I pray for you to get your transplant and heal soon ❤️
I pray for you to have a full recovery.
I pray for you to have a speedy return to full health
I pray for you to have comfort, strength and the peach that truly surpasses all understanding during this time of immeasurable grief.
I pray for you to have continued strength in fighting this.
I pray for you to have strength, peace, and improved health!
I pray for you to heal and for the doctors to work their magic sweet one.
I pray for you to heal soon!
I pray for you to keep strength and you will pull through this.
I pray for you to not suffer.
I pray for you to recover soon!
I pray for you too.
I pray for you total recovery.
I pray for you!
I pray for you, for your family, and your kids.
I pray for you, my sweet friend.
I pray for you, that you’ll be ok and that you will be safe in the hospital.
I pray for you, we need you.
I pray for you, your family, friends and  the doctors and surgeons taking care of you!
I pray for you.
I pray for your baby.
I pray for your beautiful family.
I pray for your beautiful little boy.
I pray for your body’s complete healing.
I pray for your brothers full recovery.
I pray for your child.
I pray for your comfort and healing.
I pray for your complete healing and recovery.
I pray for your complete healing and restoration!
I pray for your complete healing!!
I pray for your complete healing.
I pray for your complete recovery and for your return to paddling with us very soon.
I pray for your complete recovery.
I pray for your continued healing and well-being.
I pray for your continued healing.
I pray for your continued health
I pray for your continued health.
I pray for your continued progress in strength and health.
I pray for your continued strength & that you soon find a treatment that works for your son.
I pray for your continued strength and good health.
I pray for your continued strength and healing my friend!
I pray for your continued strength.
I pray for your dad to feel better soon stay strong
I pray for your daddy to have the most courage ever to help push through this battle.
I pray for your daughter's well-being, and for strength for you to endure!
I pray for your doctors and your strength.
I pray for your early recovery from my heart.
I pray for your entire family everyday.
I pray for your entire family.
I pray for your faith to stay strong through the roughest times.
I pray for your families peace
I pray for your family
I pray for your family and for this loss.
I pray for your family and send all the love in the world.
I pray for your family and that you get through this soon.
I pray for your family and these beautiful little girls.
I pray for your family as well.❤️❤️
I pray for your family during this very hard time.
I pray for your family everyday.
I pray for your family nightly
I pray for your family often!!!
I pray for your family several times a day and think of you all often.
I pray for your family strength and healing.
I pray for your family that he can get the help he needs to regain health.
I pray for your family to also be strong for you and to help you heal with their love for you.
I pray for your family to be healed.
I pray for your family!
I pray for your family, as they truly loved you.
I pray for your family, quick recovery, and stress free days going forward.
I pray for your family.
I pray for your family...
I pray for your family’s strength and bond and hope you know how much support there is within your community.
I pray for your family’s strength.
I pray for your fast healing.
I pray for your fast recovery and for the success of immunotherapy.
I pray for your fast recovery and for your family
I pray for your fast recovery.
I pray for your full and speedy recovery!
I pray for your full and speedy recovery.
I pray for your full recovery and a successful stem cell transplant.
I pray for your full recovery and for your family’s strength to support you through your treatment and recovery.
I pray for your full recovery!
I pray for your full recovery, have faith that your father in heaven has a plan for you.
I pray for your full recovery.
I pray for your getting the treatment you require asap & that you are able to spend as much time as you want with your family & in your gardens.
I pray for your good health
I pray for your good health!
I pray for your greatest good and that everyday will be a "good day"!
I pray for your healing and  that you will kick this cancers butt!!
I pray for your healing and happiness.
I pray for your healing and recovering.
I pray for your healing and recovery
I pray for your healing and send you my love.
I pray for your healing and wishing you love & light as you honor him through your lives.
I pray for your healing and your health.
I pray for your healing everyday
I pray for your healing everyday and give thanks for all the improvements you've made on your road to recovery.
I pray for your healing in jesus name god angel well cover you
I pray for your healing manong!
I pray for your healing!
I pray for your healing.
I pray for your healing❤️❤️
I pray for your health & happiness.
I pray for your health , strength and full recovery .
I pray for your health and family.
I pray for your health and happiness!
I pray for your health and many more nights to kiss your babies.
I pray for your health and recovery!
I pray for your health and well being my friend.
I pray for your health everyday.
I pray for your health to be returned and kept to normal.
I pray for your health!
I pray for your health, happiness and strength.
I pray for your health.
I pray for your husband and your daughter, your parents and siblings.
I pray for your husband and your family.
I pray for your journey and recovery.
I pray for your little man and the doctors regularly.
I pray for your love’s recovery ❤️
I pray for your mental, physical & spiritual strength through this journey.
I pray for your mom
I pray for your mom and for you all to stay strong.
I pray for your mom recovery and the situation she is in.
I pray for your momma!
I pray for your moms healing pal
I pray for your mother's healing and comfort.
I pray for your mother's recovery!
I pray for your new heart to arrive!
I pray for your opportunity to heal
I pray for your peace and comfort as you continue your life's journey.
I pray for your peace and strength
I pray for your peace.
I pray for your physical healing and peace of mind.
I pray for your precious daughter everyday.
I pray for your protection, for healing and strength and joy that you and your family can find throughout this.
I pray for your quick and complete recovery.
I pray for your quick recoevry
I pray for your quick recovery and for your children!
I pray for your quick recovery.
I pray for your quickly and smoothly recovery.
I pray for your rapid recovery.
I pray for your recover.
I pray for your recovery
I pray for your recovery and better health, soon.
I pray for your recovery and for the emotional support of your family in these difficult times.
I pray for your recovery and for you to reach the amount needed to cover your medical cost.
I pray for your recovery and good health.
I pray for your recovery and healing!
I pray for your recovery and health my friend..
I pray for your recovery and peace in this situation.
I pray for your recovery and that your every need is met.
I pray for your recovery and we know you are a fighter you have fought for so long.
I pray for your recovery my friend and that other give generously to your cause.
I pray for your recovery ❤️❤️
I pray for your recovery!
I pray for your recovery, and that you get the help you need to be healthy.
I pray for your recovery.
I pray for your restoration back to health.
I pray for your road to recovery to lead to health and healing!
I pray for your safe and smooth healing and recovery!!
I pray for your safe healing!
I pray for your safe travels.
I pray for your son and your family.
I pray for your son's complete recovery.
I pray for your son's healing and believe that many people will stand with you in your time of need.
I pray for your son's quick healing.
I pray for your son's total and speedy recovery
I pray for your son, that he will receive the help he needs.
I pray for your speedy recovery
I pray for your speedy recovery :) take care my friend.
I pray for your speedy recovery and god bless you.
I pray for your speedy recovery!
I pray for your speedy recovery.
I pray for your strength and a full recovery.
I pray for your strength and comfort as you go through this next journey!
I pray for your strength and comfort.
I pray for your strength and courage.
I pray for your strength and determination to serve you well during this time of desperation.
I pray for your strength and for your boy to be healed.
I pray for your strength and healing everyday.
I pray for your strength and healing on this difficult journey.
I pray for your strength and healing.
I pray for your strength and health baby girl.
I pray for your strength and health my friends.
I pray for your strength during this journey ahead.
I pray for your strength to face the challenge ahead and for your family who love and need you.
I pray for your strength to fight through this.
I pray for your strength to raise such an exceptional child.
I pray for your strength, answers and complete healing!
I pray for your strength, stamina, and perseverance.
I pray for your strength.
I pray for your surgeon's skilled hands.
I pray for your survival and and hope things turn around.
I pray for your sweet momma for peace and comfort during this time.
I pray for your swift and full recovery.
I pray for your swift healing and relief from your suffering.
I pray for your total healing and recovery.
I pray for your uncle speedy recovery.
I pray for your very speedy recovery and the well-being of all beings!
I pray for you’ll.
I pray funds keep coming your way for his surgery
I pray god and her mother for her health.
I pray god bring a speedy healing for your daughter!
I pray god for speedy recovery
I pray god for your quick recovery!.
I pray god heals you and takes away your struggles.
I pray god she will recover and full fill her dream
I pray god strengthens you and your body.
I pray god takes away all your pain and allows you to live a full and happy life.
I pray god's strength upon you as you recover.
I pray gods blessings on this mother and children.
I pray gods healing upon you.
I pray good health all over you.
I pray hard for you every day!!
I pray he beats this
I pray he beats this .
I pray he brings your dad strength and healing.
I pray he can get his life back.
I pray he can help me.
I pray he can help.
I pray he comes home soon.
I pray he comes through this a healthy boy.
I pray he continues on this great path to recovery!
I pray he continues to improve and can just be a kid.
I pray he feels the love from all of us donating
I pray he gets back to being happy, healthy, strong, and independent.
I pray he gets better
I pray he gets better and better until hopefully this will diminish.
I pray he gets better real soon
I pray he gets better soon
I pray he gets better soon.
I pray he gets better.
I pray he gets blessed with the new chair.
I pray he gets his treatment.
I pray he gets released soon and will also be praying his sight will no longer progress to blindness but be restored.
I pray he gets the care he needs.
I pray he gets the help he needs.
I pray he gets the surgery quickly so please help him if you can!
I pray he gets the transplant he needs soon.
I pray he gets the treatment he deserves, not our financially governed cookie cutter money making treatment here.
I pray he gets to the top of that list and makes a fast recovery.
I pray he gets transplant soon.
I pray he gets well soon
I pray he gets well soon!
I pray he gets well!!
I pray he gives you that miracle
I pray he has many more birthdays too.
I pray he heals & delivers you from this.
I pray he heals and comforts you and your entire family!
I pray he heals quickly & fully.
I pray he is able to get the treatment he needs!
I pray he is at peace now.
I pray he is cancer-free for the rest is his life.
I pray he is healed so he can be here for his kids.
I pray he is healed soon!
I pray he is overwhelmed with love and generosity in order to help him continue to care for his children and lessen the physical toll that this is taking on his body, and to lighten the emotional toll that this must take on his spirit.
I pray he is surrounded by a team of doctors and nurses that are knowledgeable and they are able to help your sweet boy.
I pray he lives a long and happy life!
I pray he lives longer than expected!
I pray he makes a full recovery and finds a loving home.
I pray he makes a full recovery.
I pray he makes it through this so he can see his kids grow older.
I pray he no longer feels the pain of not wanting to live.
I pray he opens you many many doors.
I pray he pulls through this!
I pray he quiets your fears, and restores you mind, body and soul, so that you may continue to be a beacon to all.
I pray he receives a kidney doner quickly.
I pray he recovers from this illness.
I pray he recuperates soon.
I pray he regains health.
I pray he regains his strength as soon as possible.
I pray he relieves the care he needs and that he continues to show that the odds are greatly in his favor!
I pray he supplies angels all around you just to touch you with a calming hand and inner voice only you can hear so you fear nothing.
I pray he will be all better after all of the love and support, and that the test comes back negative and he finds his happy forever home with so much love.
I pray he will be okay.
I pray he will continue to improve and your lives can be somewhat normal.
I pray he will fail.
I pray he will get better soon!!
I pray he will have the best time of his life and you will all have wonderful memories for the rest of your life.
I pray he will make a good recovery.
I pray he wins this battle.
I pray he's on the mend.
I pray healing for her and comfort to your family.
I pray healing for the baby, strength for the rest of family, and understanding for brother.
I pray healing for you.
I pray healing, comfort and strength.
I pray heaven is real and it's as  beautiful as they say it is.
I pray her angelic spirit never leave you.
I pray her life will be spared.
I pray her son has a wonderful life despite this loss.
I pray her surgery goes well.
I pray her treatment works and she has a speedy recovery bless her.
I pray his body heals!
I pray his daughter's never see this.
I pray his new care will be a miracle for his recovery.
I pray his very expensive treatment can continue.
I pray if anything happened to me that people would help.
I pray in a time when others are strong that we can challenge them to give to your family in their time of need.
I pray it all goes away soon.
I pray it all works out and you find what you are looking for.
I pray it all works out for you
I pray it all works out for you.
I pray it all works out well for you.
I pray it brings you life, love, happiness, joy and light.
I pray it does the same for your boy!
I pray it ends fast.
I pray it finds it’s way to you both, and provides you with some additional comfort and strength to endure this dark journey until you can once again see the light.
I pray it helps
I pray it helps .
I pray it is kind to me and won't hurt me.
I pray it is something that is environmental and once they discover it, your life will improve  massively.
I pray it reaches people that will listen and act.
I pray it stays that way.
I pray it will challenge me and allow me to continue helping others.
I pray kitty will be well and back in the saddle again soon!
I pray many blessings be returned to all who have donated, shared, and continue to pray for my baby boy.
I pray many blessings continue to come your way.
I pray many blessings upon them and the future lives they will touch with these scholarships.
I pray many will donate and help you for we don’t know when we’ll need help.
I pray mom and dad are strong and don't let the doctors rush them into anything.
I pray more people can help you.
I pray much success for you during this experience.
I pray my donation help the grieving family.
I pray my small donation is a blessing to you!!!!
I pray my small donation will make a difference in easing your burden.
I pray my small offering here can help your family.
I pray no unnecessary procedures take place but anything required to bring about total and complete healing would be done.
I pray nothing but for a positive outcome for you in this.
I pray nothing but success and blessing in all our your lives.
I pray nothing but the best for him and his family.
I pray nothing less than the best of health for you and your mom.
I pray now for his perfectly imperfect heart and lungs to be healed...
I pray of peace of mind and comfort for your little family.
I pray often for her healing and for the courage and support needed to take this journey.
I pray often for your health, your family, and your well being.
I pray only the best for your daughter and your family.
I pray only the very best for your little family.
I pray others can join me in looking out for him.
I pray others donate as well.
I pray others will help your worthy needs
I pray peace and comfort for your loved ones.
I pray peace and strength and hope and joy over you and your beautiful family.
I pray peace over your family.
I pray perfect healing for you and that you would be reunited with your family!
I pray prospering to healing on this acct.
I pray prosperity and great success.
I pray regularly for her to get through all this and thrive...
I pray scientist!
I pray she  gets every chance to be with us as long as possible.
I pray she and her children are reunited soon.
I pray she can gain strength to get the surgeries that are needed to make her healthy again!
I pray she comes home and gets well soon.
I pray she continue to have the same fun in heaven with all the saints and angels.
I pray she feels better soon and kicks cancer's butt!
I pray she feels close to him and desires to know him even more.
I pray she fights this and continues to blossom as a beautiful and strong black girl.
I pray she finally finds peace in her health
I pray she gets a wonderful home.
I pray she gets better
I pray she gets better.
I pray she gets healthy and lives her full life happy and very healthy ..
I pray she gets her stem cell transplant.
I pray she gets relief from this procedure.
I pray she gets some much needed help.
I pray she gets the financial relief this gentle warrior needs.
I pray she gets the help she needs !!!
I pray she gets the operation she needs.
I pray she gets the surgery she needs!
I pray she gets the treatment and this brave woman gets her life back.
I pray she gets the treatment she needs.
I pray she gets through this and heals soon.
I pray she gets well
I pray she gets what she needs and that it works!
I pray she has a quick recovery and my prayers are with your family.
I pray she has a successful turnaround!
I pray she improves quickly!
I pray she is healed!
I pray she keep up the good work and make her parents proud
I pray she recovers completely.
I pray she recovers quickly.
I pray she recovers.
I pray she stays strong and fights hard!
I pray she will be cured and get to live normal life.
I pray she will be happy and healthier soon!
I pray she will be healed.
I pray she will be home with you soon.
I pray she will continue to improve her health and strength and quality of life.
I pray she will feel better quickly.
I pray she will have a complete recovery.
I pray she will reach her goal.
I pray she wins this battle.
I pray she'll never have this illness attack her body ever again.
I pray she's not in pain!
I pray so hard for all of you!
I pray so hard for this sweet family.
I pray soon he will start getting trained.
I pray surgery goes we'll!
I pray surgery is successful!
I pray that all goes well for both donor and recipient!
I pray that all goes well for these babies and they reach their goal.
I pray that all goes well for you.
I pray that all goes well girls.
I pray that all goes well with your treatment, and you get back to feeling well real soon.
I pray that all goes well, and a fast recovery.
I pray that all goes well.
I pray that all goes well...
I pray that all is well with you and your family.
I pray that all needed to wipe out what it is is done quickly.
I pray that all that kindness comes back to you.
I pray that all the cancer gets removed.
I pray that all this turns out good for you and help you.
I pray that all turns well.
I pray that all will work out.
I pray that along with the treatment for your body, your are also receiving from them kindness for your spirit, so you can be encouraged to press on in such a difficult time.
I pray that any woman who goes thru this disease gets every bit of help she can.
I pray that anyone who reads this is spared of this unbearable pain but will listen with your heart because the disease shows no favorites.
I pray that both of you may continue to inspire generations with your light and love.
I pray that continued donations will come in to support the mounting medical bills.
I pray that doesn't happen.
I pray that each and everyone of you are blessed tremendously for your good hearts!
I pray that enough funds are raised for him to get the treatment he desperately needs.
I pray that enough is raised to save his vision.
I pray that enough money is raised and your family have a great time.
I pray that every day you gain more an more days pain free to enjoy your family.
I pray that every little bit helps you guys!
I pray that everyone  who can, will make a donation  as soon as possible so she can have this surgery.
I pray that everyone opens up their wallets and donates what ever they are able, to help support your health and future.
I pray that everyone uve met in life responds to your call.
I pray that everything falls into place for your precious baby girl!
I pray that everything gets better for you!
I pray that everything gets better real soon ❤️
I pray that everything gets better.
I pray that everything goes smoothly and you have a quick recovery!
I pray that everything goes smoothly this time around
I pray that everything goes well
I pray that everything goes well and you get well soon.
I pray that everything goes well and you have a speedy recovery!
I pray that everything goes well for you and your family.
I pray that everything goes well for you.
I pray that everything goes well for your little miracle.
I pray that everything goes well!
I pray that everything goes well.
I pray that everything is a success for him!!
I pray that everything is successful and your husband recovers soon.
I pray that everything turns out great for your family.
I pray that everything turns out great!
I pray that everything will be ok.
I pray that everything will turn out okay with your little heart.
I pray that everything will work itself out....only positive vibes for you both.
I pray that everything will work out for you and know people like me are out there and care, and will never forget your sacrifice.
I pray that everything works out for you and that your husband makes a full recovery.
I pray that everything works out for you and your family.
I pray that everything works out for you girl.
I pray that everything works out for you guys
I pray that everything works out for you little girl.
I pray that everything works out for you!
I pray that everything works out for you.
I pray that everything works out for your good, and look forward to hearing of your future graduation.
I pray that everything works out.
I pray that fond memories will help fill the hole in your hearts.
I pray that god blesses her and her husband
I pray that god sends your family comfort in this difficult time.
I pray that god strengthens you and your family through it all.
I pray that god will continue healing him so he can get back what he love doing.
I pray that god will watch over you, your mom, sister and  family that he will give you strength to fight this  and comfort to know your not alone.
I pray that he adds his super to your natural and perform a miracle on your behalf!
I pray that he beats this and gets well soon.
I pray that he comes home soon..
I pray that he continues his path to good health
I pray that he feels better soon.
I pray that he finds a kidney and enjoys a happy, long, love-filled life with his fiancé
I pray that he finds healing.
I pray that he gets better soon and that the financial situation is handled for him.
I pray that he gets better!
I pray that he gets completely well soon.
I pray that he gets more support from our friends as well as a speedy recovery!
I pray that he gets the medical attention he needs and recovers from this soon.
I pray that he gets the pain relief he needs!
I pray that he gets the services he deserves.
I pray that he gets through this.
I pray that he gets thru surgery  well and heals fast so that they can take him home.
I pray that he gives you strength,  courage, and mercy through this process.
I pray that he heals quickly and for peace for his family.
I pray that he holds you and your family close.
I pray that he is able to heal and recover from this unfortunate series of events.
I pray that he is able to purchase the condo and have the access he needs to start over.
I pray that he is healed and will be able to walk and play as he gets older.
I pray that he recovers from this dreadful disease.
I pray that he recovers soon.
I pray that he sees his family again too!
I pray that he will bless you with a return to health.
I pray that he will heal and get better soon
I pray that he will heal quickly!
I pray that he will heal you.
I pray that he will recover fully from this horrible thing.
I pray that he will take your stress away so that you are more able to cope.
I pray that healing will overtake your body.
I pray that heals soon!
I pray that heaven will smile upon you and that your life and healing will become an incredibly testimony for all to see.
I pray that her daughter will never forget what a wonderful mother she had.
I pray that her insurance covers it all.
I pray that her loved ones she left behind will continue to make her proud.
I pray that his buddy will get him adjusted to what your son needs.
I pray that his family will find peace in their memory of him.
I pray that his improvement continues.
I pray that his mom will receive the transplant and live a long prosperous life!
I pray that his progress continues.
I pray that his small donation brings about a big difference.
I pray that his surgery goes well and he continues to be strong and kick cancers butt!
I pray that his sweet memory will always be close to your heart!!!
I pray that his wife can find peace and comfort during this difficult time.
I pray that his wife makes a full recovery, so she can be with her beautiful family again.
I pray that if this is nearing an end that you all are able to love on each other, have time to make lots more memories & are able to say all that needs to be said.
I pray that in your perfect timing you would heal them from the top of their heads to the bottom of their toes.
I pray that it all goes well for you and that you do not get separated!
I pray that it all goes well for you.
I pray that it is all working out for the best!
I pray that it makes you stronger and that your story will inspire other people and give them hope
I pray that little girl lives a healthy normal life!
I pray that lord brings peace and comfort to you and your family!
I pray that many more people bless you through your need.
I pray that many will help for such a worthy cause.
I pray that may the lord continue to give you strength and healing!
I pray that may you and your family gets the strength to go through this difficult time.
I pray that more people can help!
I pray that more people help with donations.
I pray that my immune system will be strong enough at that time .
I pray that my nephew is healed.
I pray that no other child will ever have to feel as though they have no other option.
I pray that no parent goes through what you are going through and our children get the help they need and find joy and the hope they deserve.
I pray that others will be kind generous living amazing giving person you are so you can get the help you need !
I pray that others will donate and you receive the funds over and beyond what is asked.
I pray that others will help my loved ones in their time of need.
I pray that others will see this need and be able to give the money needed to help relieve the cost burden.
I pray that others will start to donate.
I pray that others will step up and close this gap quickly.
I pray that others will step up to do the same.
I pray that our donation is turned into the "enough" that you need.
I pray that our heavenly father guide him through this process of healing.
I pray that our son will be well and get the healing we so desire him to have.
I pray that peace finds you soon, and you take all the time you need to care for yourself and grieve.
I pray that same grace will come up to meet each of your feet on your own paths.
I pray that she beats this so she can do all the things that she loves.
I pray that she can continue to defy the odds, live her dreams, and live a full and happy life.
I pray that she can get the help she needs.
I pray that she can pull through this.
I pray that she continues to fight .
I pray that she continues to get the best care she possibly can and will heal fully from this.
I pray that she does and that she  continues to inspire so many with her courage.
I pray that she get well soon and return to full health.
I pray that she gets all the care she gets, no babies should have to go though something bad.
I pray that she gets better.
I pray that she gets the community support as she is undergoing treatment, just after her birthday.
I pray that she gets through this stronger than ever!
I pray that she gets well so her light continues to bring joy
I pray that she heals and you all find the source of this soon.
I pray that she heals fast.
I pray that she is able to be cured!!
I pray that she is healed, sickness and disease you have to leave her body now.
I pray that she is pain free and comfortable.
I pray that she is surrounded by caring medical professionals and that her spirits will remain uplifted .
I pray that she keeps her home.
I pray that she will be able to get the best care possible.
I pray that she will be ok and get the help she needs.
I pray that she will make her wish and honored to be able to make a donation that will help in making her wish come true.
I pray that she will overcome  this tragic illness!
I pray that she will overcome this hurdle.
I pray that someday you'll be able to say you are a cancer survivor too or you can simply say you kicked cancer's ass!!
I pray that somehow.
I pray that someone can find the source of your pain.
I pray that soon her hardships will be over!
I pray that the blessings are so abundant that you will be able to help someone else.
I pray that the cancer would be contained and removed.
I pray that the community at large will come together to support you all through this tragedy and prove that love always wins over evil.
I pray that the docs eradicate that awful thing and that you heal quickly.
I pray that the doctors figure out what's going on with your little guy and that he gets better soon!
I pray that the doctors provide the best treatment possible .
I pray that the doctors will know how to best help you, and you will be able to feel well soon.
I pray that the doctors will restore your comfort so that you can again have some quality of life.
I pray that the donations will pour in to not only meet but exceed your goal.
I pray that the funds become available so your mom gets that handicapped band that she needs so desperately to continue having quality of life.
I pray that the funds get raised!
I pray that the funds will be raised and that she will have successful treatment.
I pray that the goal is met and he has a most speedy recovery.
I pray that the good lord will be with you through this and heal your body through the hands and actions of great doctors.
I pray that the greatest things reach you wherever you are, you impacted my life ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I pray that the kindness of others will help you in your time of need.
I pray that the lord break every chain.
I pray that the lords healing  hands may touch you and return you to good health.
I pray that the love of all your friends and family will surround you now and lift you up during this difficult time.
I pray that the medicine kills that cancers ass.
I pray that the memories of your life and your love with him will bring you some peace & comfort when you need it most.
I pray that the operation is a success
I pray that the procedure is a success.
I pray that the road to recovery is swift and peace is felt.
I pray that the spirit of healing & strength be over her.
I pray that the surgeries reduce your pain and discomfort.
I pray that the surgery will work for her.
I pray that the therapy there is amazing for you!
I pray that the toughest battles are behind you all and that a miraculous, full recovery is right around the corner.
I pray that the treatment is successful!
I pray that the treatments are going well and that you and your family remain strong during this fight.
I pray that the treatments heal you.
I pray that the vets have the knowledge to know what to do to heal this little girl.
I pray that the windows of heaven would open up and pour you out blessings that you won't have room enough to receive them.
I pray that their home can be made whole and that he and his wife can move back in soon.
I pray that their visits will bring love and comfort.
I pray that there is a cure for cancer coming...
I pray that there is peace in this next part of your journey.
I pray that these girls bodies are healed.
I pray that these students will enhance their lives by going through this school.
I pray that they can do something to help ease this little ones pain.
I pray that they may be able to comprehend the depth of your l
I pray that they put on weight and are able to come home, without a need for additional medical care after they arrive home.
I pray that they stay strong in their faith although it is hard.
I pray that they will continue their support.
I pray that they will find a cure for this disease.
I pray that they would be firmly established in the knowledge of you.
I pray that they'll be able to control/eliminate the pain soon.
I pray that things continue to go well for you during your treatments.
I pray that things go as well as they possibly can for such a wonderful human being.
I pray that things turn around and wish your family good health and happiness for the future.
I pray that things will turn around for your family!
I pray that things will work out for all of you!
I pray that things work out for you!
I pray that things workout for you all!
I pray that this can help .
I pray that this can help you in someway.
I pray that this couple will see the "light" at the end of the tunnel.
I pray that this dark phase passes quickly and that you feel all the love so many of us are sending your way.
I pray that this dog will be a blessing to you!
I pray that this donation helps you reach your goal and gives him a boost for an adventure.
I pray that this donation will assist you in your medical treatment and or the repairing or replacement of your roof.
I pray that this dream comes true for their family!!
I pray that this effort helps you to achieve your goal to spend more time with your family!
I pray that this gift helps lighten your load.
I pray that this goal is met.
I pray that this happens for you.
I pray that this helps you and your family through this time.
I pray that this helps.
I pray that this horrid disease is wiped out.
I pray that this is able to help you in some way.
I pray that this issue is resolved in your favor and that you have everything you need.
I pray that this journey you will find yourself notcing the many simple joys of life - they are all around you everyday!
I pray that this little bit helps in any way it can.
I pray that this little boy  gets well...we should all keep him in our prayers!
I pray that this lung transplant will give you a new outlook on life.
I pray that this machine makes a world of difference for you!
I pray that this precious baby gets the test that she needs, and that you all continue to keep that determination and continue to have support!!
I pray that this seed will bless you in some way.
I pray that this small donation is helpful.
I pray that this small donation will help in some way.
I pray that this storm passes quickly for you and that you find the necessary comfort in the interim.
I pray that this surgery goes completely well for you  cousin!
I pray that this surgery is what will heal you.
I pray that this surgery will be the answer to everyone's prayers.
I pray that this sweet handsome little man beats the crap out of this cancer and that it's so scared of his courage and strength and determination and will to live at such a young age, that it never rears its ugly head again.
I pray that this too shall pass!
I pray that this treatment will truly help you live a normal life.
I pray that this treatment will work, and that you all enjoy much more of life together!
I pray that this treatment works for this precious child.
I pray that this treatment works.
I pray that this well provides many with life and a future!
I pray that this will be an example to others facing this painful disability, that they may,too, help a loved one.
I pray that this will be it and that nothing happens  to change this because it has really been a long period to be sick and be in the hospital not being able to move about.
I pray that this will be the answer and end to your suffering.
I pray that this will be the final steps on his way to recovery and good health.
I pray that this will bring you just a step closer to your healing.
I pray that this will get the ball rolling and exceed your hopes and needs!
I pray that this will help you.
I pray that this works for you.
I pray that this works out for you!!
I pray that this young man gets the medical treatment he needs.
I pray that this young woman gets the funding to enable her to pursue this treatment.
I pray that those who give will be blessed beyond measure...pressed down shaken together and overflowing.
I pray that throughout this time you find some sort of comfort and healing.
I pray that treatments are found to give your boys the relief they need as soon as possible.
I pray that u get all that u need to make it happen.
I pray that us and anyone else amongst our family and friends never go through this type of neglect ever in their life time.
I pray that was the last surgery you will have to go through.
I pray that we are able to truly raise enough funds to make a difference & get you the care you deserve.
I pray that we get to our goal and get this wonderful person what she needs.
I pray that we will reach the goal.
I pray that we’ll make every dollar count!
I pray that will not be fearful of his journey to health...
I pray that you & your family have the strength to deal with and get over this nightmare.
I pray that you all are comforted by the love you shared and the memories that remain.
I pray that you all keep fighting and never lose hope.
I pray that you all will continue to be blessed❤
I pray that you and your brother find strength in eachother and know you will see her again.
I pray that you and your family can focus on the healing process.
I pray that you and your family never have to go through what  we are having to face and that ignorance and hate do not rear their ugly head if you do as you have chosen to do so here.
I pray that you and your family receive the blessing of a full and total recovery.
I pray that you and your family recover fully from this tragic event.
I pray that you and your family will be able to find strength, comfort and peace.
I pray that you are able to collect enough money for what he needs.
I pray that you are able to find some relief.
I pray that you are able to get what you need and deserve!!!
I pray that you are able to get your surgery and make a full recovery.
I pray that you are able to receive all the help you need medically and financially for your little baby angel.
I pray that you are able to receive the transplant that you need!
I pray that you are able to recover and continue your life.
I pray that you are able to secure the funding and are able to successfully complete the treatment.
I pray that you are able to stop the progression.
I pray that you are able to win this fight!
I pray that you are ablr to get y
I pray that you are all blessed as much as she is being blessed.
I pray that you are at peace and pain-free.
I pray that you are better.
I pray that you are healed quickly!
I pray that you are healed soon.
I pray that you are still fighting.
I pray that you are supplied with all that you need to fight this battle.
I pray that you are well.
I pray that you be honest and continue to be an inspiration for many both you and your child as well as have many many decades of loving time together, making a difference in this world for others
I pray that you beat this cancer and are able to have a beautiful baby of your own!
I pray that you beat this stay strong!
I pray that you beat this thing.
I pray that you beat this!
I pray that you blossom, sweet caterpillar!
I pray that you both start feeling better soon!
I pray that you can all find some peace in your grief.
I pray that you can beat this.
I pray that you can continue to dance through life and share your passion with others.
I pray that you can control the stress of it all, what a blessing you have your daughter, does she have siblings to help.
I pray that you can feel the love and fervent prayers for peace that passes all understanding.
I pray that you can fight this.
I pray that you can finally get the treatment you need
I pray that you can find resolution soon.
I pray that you can find some comfort during this difficult time.
I pray that you can get the help you need.
I pray that you can plan a similar pledge.
I pray that you can recover from this terrible disease.
I pray that you change the survior rate and that you are heal from the top of your head to the bottom of your toes.
I pray that you collected the funds you need and that the treatment will be a success!
I pray that you continue to fight and may the almighty continue to assist you  with quality of life to you and those around you who love you...rcm
I pray that you continue to get better.
I pray that you continue to get stronger and stronger every day!
I pray that you continue to have a speedy recovery!
I pray that you continue to make forward progress, al the very best to you.
I pray that you exceed your goals.
I pray that you feel better soon and your pain is gone.
I pray that you feel comfort and happiness.
I pray that you feel like yourself again soon❤️❤️❤️
I pray that you feel much better real soon.
I pray that you fight this cancer and win!
I pray that you find a donor and get back to health.
I pray that you find a place soon.
I pray that you find a way to heal.
I pray that you find comfort and are surrounded by friends and loved ones.
I pray that you find comfort and get all the help you need!
I pray that you find comfort in knowing his light shines above us all.
I pray that you find healing.
I pray that you find peace and acceptance and grieve as you need.
I pray that you find peace and comfort.
I pray that you find peace at heart knowing now she's in a much better place and smiling down at her precious children.
I pray that you find peace in all outcomes, and that you continue to persevere regardless of the situation.
I pray that you find peace within your hearts knowing that she is in a better place.
I pray that you find proper justice, although no amount could ever replace what you and your family has suffered and loss.
I pray that you find relief and get better.
I pray that you find relief.
I pray that you find some peace through all of this.
I pray that you find some relief.
I pray that you find strength and hope during this unimaginably difficult time...
I pray that you find strength to get through this very difficult time in your life .
I pray that you find the answers and treatment that you deserve.
I pray that you find the right doctor to help treat your symptoms so you can feel normal again.
I pray that you find the strength to heal and stay strong.
I pray that you get a miracle, that all of you do.
I pray that you get all the help you need to make a miraculous recovery.
I pray that you get all the medical help that you need and that you will be healed from this cancer.
I pray that you get all the treatments you need to keep you on this earth with your beautiful babies and family.
I pray that you get an answer on disability soon and will no longer have this financial worry in regards to your health!!!
I pray that you get better and that you and your baby boy can enjoy each other's company like you should be.
I pray that you get better do you can continue your work.
I pray that you get better soon
I pray that you get better soon!
I pray that you get better soon.
I pray that you get better!!
I pray that you get better.
I pray that you get everything that you need to get better young lady.
I pray that you get over this soon.
I pray that you get pain relief.
I pray that you get pass this soon.
I pray that you get relief soon.
I pray that you get some answers!
I pray that you get the amount needed for the surgery.
I pray that you get the best doctors,  care & help for you to get better.
I pray that you get the best medical care possible.
I pray that you get the care you need and that everything turns out well!
I pray that you get the care you need.
I pray that you get the desires of your heart.
I pray that you get the funding you need and that you get selected for the treatment.
I pray that you get the help that you and your family need.
I pray that you get the help you guys need so brayden can be a happy child!
I pray that you get the help you need to get him better!
I pray that you get the news fast for your transplant.
I pray that you get the support that you need to fight on!!
I pray that you get the treament you need to get you feeling better.
I pray that you get the treatment you need.
I pray that you get through this and have a very happy and successful ending.
I pray that you get through this battle much love ❤️
I pray that you get to beat this ❤️
I pray that you get well soon !
I pray that you get well soon!
I pray that you get well soon.
I pray that you get your explant soon and start the healing process!
I pray that you get your room
I pray that you get your transplant soon.
I pray that you guys get along great with the operation
I pray that you have a complete recovery.
I pray that you have a full and fast recovery.
I pray that you have a great doctor.
I pray that you have a home real soon and you don't have to worry anymore.
I pray that you have a long and happy future.
I pray that you have a quick and full recovery.
I pray that you have a speedy recovery!!!
I pray that you have a successful surgery and a smooth healing!
I pray that you have the strength and the peace to get you through your illness.
I pray that you have your surgery and that it is a success.
I pray that you heal and get to love on those kids as much as possible.
I pray that you heal him and keep him healthy.
I pray that you heal this child!
I pray that you indeed would be their refuge and strength.
I pray that you make a 100%recovery.
I pray that you make a full recovery.
I pray that you may find peace in the midst of this trial!
I pray that you overcome this battle and be well soon ♥
I pray that you pull through
I pray that you raise enough money for your treatment.
I pray that you reach your goal and see again.
I pray that you reach your goal quickly.
I pray that you reach your goal very soon.
I pray that you reach your goal.
I pray that you receive a huge financial bless and a peace of mind.
I pray that you receive the healing you need and that you are able to check off your bucket list items very soon.
I pray that you receive the help that you need.
I pray that you recover and get better with as little pain as possible princess.
I pray that you recover quickly and bounce back from this stronger than ever!
I pray that you recover quickly!
I pray that you recover soon and get to live a normal life as you deserve and will pray for you and your mom to stay strong  through this tragic event.
I pray that you recover soon.
I pray that you recovery soon, and get back to what you love.
I pray that you rest in peace sweet angel.
I pray that you stay safe and healthy and that you will cover your medical bill on time.
I pray that you stay strong  he’s in a better place now and not suffering anymore god bless
I pray that you surround her w/ your strength and peace.
I pray that you travel to get treatment soon and it is successful.
I pray that you turn to each other for comfort and healing.
I pray that you use that strength and fight this with all of your might!!!
I pray that you when you receive your heart and find peace .
I pray that you will all find the strength and peace to move on.
I pray that you will be able to get a transplant soon.
I pray that you will be able to have your companion soon.
I pray that you will be able to raise the money very soon.
I pray that you will be blessed with comfort and a miracle.
I pray that you will be comforted and healed throughout this trying time.
I pray that you will be encouraged and know that whatever you go through,  you are never alone.
I pray that you will be given some kind of peace and comfort during this sad time in your lives.
I pray that you will be healed and around for a really long time.
I pray that you will be healed.
I pray that you will be restored quickly.
I pray that you will be well!
I pray that you will bless her parents with strength, vitality, courage, peace and wisdom as they stand firm in their faith during this difficult time.
I pray that you will come out of this strong and cancer free.
I pray that you will continue this fight, because you have proven to us that you are strong.
I pray that you will continue to be strong even though you will be weak physically, mentally, and even sometimes spiritually.
I pray that you will continue to improve.
I pray that you will continue to stay strong.
I pray that you will experience the same course!
I pray that you will feel all of the love and positive energy coming your way.
I pray that you will feel all the love that is going out to you.
I pray that you will find the answers and help you need.
I pray that you will find the help to give your son the best quality of life that he can get.
I pray that you will find the relief that you need to feel better cousin.
I pray that you will find them to be great successes.
I pray that you will get better to spend more time with your beautiful family.
I pray that you will get better.
I pray that you will get everything that you and your family needs!
I pray that you will get this cancer to leave your body.
I pray that you will get your lungs and have the strength and courage to keep up your fight.
I pray that you will have a full recovery!
I pray that you will have the peace and strength while you finish your life before you get to be reunited with your beautiful baby again
I pray that you will have the tests, medications and doctor visits you need to be healed.
I pray that you will heal her and take away this disease.
I pray that you will now thrive as well as survive.
I pray that you will reach your goal and everything be successful.
I pray that you will reach your goal and that all we pray fervently for healing and your well being.
I pray that you will reach your goal.
I pray that you will receive the funds you need.
I pray that you will recover and continue your success in life.
I pray that you will return to your healthy self.
I pray that you will walk again.
I pray that you will win this fight.
I pray that you win your battle and are able to be there for your family.
I pray that you'll get better.
I pray that you're forever cancer free to spend a lifetime of joy with your beautiful family.
I pray that your  story will be helpful to others.
I pray that your baby boy overcomes this battle ❤️
I pray that your benefits get reinstated soon and will ask the members of my church to pray for you as well.
I pray that your body is completely healed soon.
I pray that your bonds become stronger during this difficult time.
I pray that your dad will beat this!!!
I pray that your dad will get better soon.
I pray that your faith and the love and support from those around you will help you as you all travel this path together.
I pray that your family be comforted during this time.
I pray that your family becomes stronger during and after this.
I pray that your family can find peace and comfort.
I pray that your family finds health and healing.
I pray that your family gets a huge response to this fundraiser and that you find the best possible care.
I pray that your family has time to create wonderful memories filled with happiness and love.
I pray that your family is brought comfort and joy through this time, followed by healing.
I pray that your family makes it out stronger through this rough experience.
I pray that your family pulls this through.
I pray that your family receives an abundance of all you need!
I pray that your family stays strong and your battle ends quickly.
I pray that your family will be okay and make it through this with a positive outcome.
I pray that your father will win his battle.
I pray that your fur baby makes a full recovery
I pray that your goal is met!
I pray that your goal is reached and you get all that you deserve
I pray that your health continues to improve!❤️
I pray that your health get better.
I pray that your heart and soul will find peace and comfort during this difficult period
I pray that your loving kindness, compassion, vulnerability, strength, and the way you reach others through your writing reaches others in need for comfort.
I pray that your lungs continue to get stronger for you to continue to be here with all whole love and care for you!!
I pray that your mom gets the best medical attention you can find.
I pray that your mom will recover well.
I pray that your mom’s exit point is very old age and not anytime soon.
I pray that your mother recovers soon!
I pray that your new treatment succeeds in providing you with energy to continue to be engaged in life, art and love.
I pray that your nightmare will be over soon.
I pray that your physical heart can heal fully, to catch up with your precious soul & be in tune & at the same pace as your will & fight to live & thrive- so you can continue to share your beautiful smile with the world.
I pray that your recovery is swift and complete.
I pray that your recovery will be swift.
I pray that your results come back ok!
I pray that your son finds a match soon and you are able to raise the money you need.
I pray that your son gets better and fast.
I pray that your son gets the help needed.
I pray that your son will be blessed with healing.
I pray that your suffering be replaced with overflowing laughter, joy, and happiness.
I pray that your surgeries go smoothly and provide some relief!
I pray that your surgery will be successful.
I pray that your sweet girl feels better.
I pray that your testing comes back favorable and what you have to do is short lived and this is behind you soon.
I pray that your treatment and journey is a success.
I pray that your treatment goes as well as mine has so far.
I pray that your treatment is a success.
I pray that your treatment works.
I pray that your treatments greatly benefit you.
I pray that your whole family gets the medical care they need and you all come out stronger by the end of this ♥
I pray that your will be done.
I pray that your wonderful family can stay together and be well......with much love.
I pray that you’re doing well in every way, and your health is good
I pray that you’re given strength through these really bad times.
I pray that you’re healed my friend.
I pray that, collectively, it helps!
I pray that, in time, you may find comfort and joy again.
I pray the angels are rejoicing with you now.
I pray the best for you and that you beat this by doing what many of us believe in our hearts, to be the best way to treat the illness..
I pray the best for you.
I pray the cancer treatment works and this little guy can get back to being a healthy kid.
I pray the chemo is kicking those stupid cancer cells!!
I pray the doctors find the answers and treatment this sweet little angel needs.
I pray the doctors take extra special care of you and daughter.
I pray the doctors will get to the root of your problem.
I pray the donations continue and you reach your goal.
I pray the family can stay in their house with no more upheaval and sudden change.
I pray the family finds strength during this difficult time.
I pray the family is doing better,  and he is given the opportunity to reach all is goals.
I pray the family stays strong....and knows that heaven is a much brighter place now.
I pray the future has other plans.
I pray the journey will have meaning and hope my small contribution is helpful.
I pray the lord stays with you through this journey.
I pray the lord will bring healing to your whole being.
I pray the needs are met!
I pray the new chemo will give you some good news!
I pray the new surgery and treatment will be the breakthrough she needs.
I pray the new treatment will work and help.
I pray the pain lessens and some light is shed upon you and your family.
I pray the peace that passes human understanding over your family and blessings over your lives.
I pray the procedure  will be successful for your son.
I pray the process works wonderfully!
I pray the program will bring healing!
I pray the progress continues!
I pray the progress she's made continues as the days past so you can take her home soon.
I pray the results continue to get better and better.
I pray the same for your husband!!
I pray the same thing for your sweet baby!
I pray the surgery goes well and for fast healing!
I pray the surgery goes well and he has a speedy recovery.
I pray the surgery is so successful.
I pray the surgery will be successful.
I pray the surgery works for you.
I pray the symptoms are slow moving so he can continue to enjoy his active lifestyle for as long as possible.
I pray the treatment works.
I pray the treatments will be successful.
I pray the treatments work!
I pray the trial drug restores you to health.
I pray the tumour is removed successfully, and we can raise enough for him to be stable
I pray the vet has a good plan to get her healed.
I pray the worst is behind you.
I pray their son gets the care he needs.
I pray there is a cure found or something to extend his life.
I pray there will be a cure for this awful disease.
I pray there will be much help here and much success with this new treatment.
I pray these donations bring a tiny bit of comfort for your financial status.
I pray these funds donated will help get the medical help he needs.
I pray these treatments give you some much needed relief and peace.
I pray these treatments indeed help.
I pray these treatments work.
I pray they are able to get through this hard time worrying about you and with you away!
I pray they beat this horrible disease.
I pray they can find a treatment and cure for you x
I pray they can find peace during this difficult time.
I pray they can help.
I pray they continue!
I pray they find a cure.
I pray they find a donor soon.
I pray they find a treatment to help heal her.
I pray they find the cure for you.
I pray they find the right regimen to make you all better.
I pray they get it all and you heal quickly.
I pray they get this message!!!
I pray they get to the bottom of it this time.
I pray they have ears to hear eyes to see and a heart to understand.
I pray they meet their goal.
I pray they raise enough money for their operations.
I pray they reach their goal through the generosity of donors.
I pray they will be a success.
I pray they will be healed through whatever means.
I pray they will find peace and comfort from everyone as they try to wrap their minds around the terrible loss of their mother.
I pray they win this battle with cancer.
I pray things get better for you and all of your needs are met.
I pray things get better real soon.
I pray things get better.
I pray things get easier as time pass.
I pray things get easier for you.
I pray things go great for your child.
I pray things go smoothly and your treatments are successful.
I pray things go well for you.
I pray things start looking up for you.
I pray things will be ok .
I pray things will get better.
I pray things will improve and help and good news forthcoming
I pray things will improve and you will be able to live life as before.
I pray things will turn around for you and your family!
I pray things work out for you.
I pray this adds yet another blessing to your family.
I pray this all works out for you guys .
I pray this baby gets the help he needs.
I pray this beautiful family continues to thrive.
I pray this becomes a step forward in finding a cure or slow down the process of robbing people of their independence and quality of life
I pray this begins a miraculous response to save this innocent child.
I pray this blessing on your family
I pray this call to action grants her some peace.
I pray this can be a small blessing to you.
I pray this can get you just a little something, no matter what it is.
I pray this can help with the targeted goal that you need.
I pray this cancer leaves your family.
I pray this child gets the help he need, each one help one.
I pray this conference is a blessing to you!!
I pray this contribution will make a positive impact and he sees again.
I pray this dog will be a great help to you.
I pray this donation helps in some way shape or form.
I pray this donation helps to ease the family in this trying time.
I pray this donation is a blessing for your entire family.
I pray this donation will help ease the burden of expenses for your upcoming surgery.
I pray this fund reaches the hearts of people far and wide.
I pray this go fund me because big.
I pray this goes well and very quickly for you.
I pray this happens for you fast.
I pray this help.
I pray this helps
I pray this helps a little.
I pray this helps and hope so many more do as well.
I pray this helps and she recovers
I pray this helps ease some of your expenses.
I pray this helps get you the treatment you need.
I pray this helps in anyway possible!
I pray this helps our children in some small way.
I pray this helps you and praying for you.
I pray this helps you guys get to your goal and that you soon have a beautiful baby.
I pray this helps you.
I pray this helps your granddaughter.
I pray this helps.
I pray this is a grand step forward in your desire to regain your health.
I pray this is an answer to prayers.
I pray this is just a bump in the road.
I pray this is the beginning of a new chapter in your life.
I pray this is the solution you have been seeking for so long.
I pray this lady recovers fully.,
I pray this little angel gets the help she needs!
I pray this little angel recives all the money she will need to help her to lead a wonderful and normal life.
I pray this little bit helps
I pray this little bit helps.
I pray this little bit will be of some help.
I pray this little boy will get the transplant he needs!
I pray this little guy is able to realize his dream......
I pray this little sweetie gets better and goes home with his family soon xo
I pray this medication eases your pain.
I pray this money serves you well.
I pray this money will help you all with a proper burial for your sweet baby.
I pray this precious lil angel get all the care she needs and pray she is better soon!!
I pray this procedure restores yours since you obviously love life enough to struggle.
I pray this quest gives you some answers and relief from all you are facing!
I pray this small amount helps and that he is able to beat this!
I pray this small amount will help.
I pray this small donation helps.
I pray this small donation will help this puppy and give you all peace.
I pray this surgery can get this issue resolved and you get back asap with a normal healthy life.
I pray this surgery will be a special blessing for her and your family.
I pray this surgery will be a success.
I pray this surgery will help you continue to bless people's lives like you did mine!
I pray this sweet child is healed from the top of her head to the borrom of her toes.
I pray this treatment brings you relief and ask everyone to contribute.
I pray this treatment gives you healing and comfort.
I pray this treatment goes swiftly and positively.
I pray this treatment helps you my dear old friend!
I pray this treatment is the one that is needed.
I pray this treatment will be very successful for you.
I pray this treatment will help you greatly.
I pray this treatment will help.
I pray this trend continues.
I pray this trip will happen and every financial need will be met!
I pray this will also be the case for you
I pray this will be a success!!
I pray this will bless you!
I pray this will help in someway.
I pray this will help toward his medical care
I pray this will help witj every thing you need to keep fighting this ugly battle.
I pray this will help you.
I pray this will help, some
I pray this will help.
I pray this works for you!
I pray this works.
I pray this young boy survives!
I pray this young brave man beats this!
I pray this young man receives his transplant.
I pray those blessings give you peace.
I pray thy find a cure.
I pray thy get thru this ❤️
I pray to  that you may be comforted.
I pray to god for quick and healthy recovery .
I pray to god for you to return to a healthy life.
I pray to god for your partners good health and quick recovery.
I pray to god for your quick recovery
I pray to god manaswini you recover soon
I pray to god she will feel better soon and everything will go well.
I pray to god that everything to go well and she will feel better soon.
I pray to see a successful operation and a full recovery.
I pray to the almighty to bring you healing and a speedy recovery.
I pray to the lord for healing.
I pray to the lord for his blessings on to you and your family.
I pray to the lord for strength and courage to endure at this difficult time.
I pray to the lord to bless your family with physical, emotional and mental strength through these difficult and challenging times.
I pray to the universe that “this, too, shall pass” and you will overcome.
I pray too for other animals in need.
I pray u get better and get to enjoy every moment of her success in college and playing softball.
I pray u have a quick recovery.
I pray we can raise more to get this lift.
I pray we end all cancers in our lifetime.
I pray we will see this incredible house completed very quickly.
I pray whatever his plans are that you and your family feel his presense amongst you all and find a tremendous amount of peace and surrounded by love.
I pray with all my heart that all will be good for you and your family.
I pray with confidence for your complete healing.
I pray with god he  will get normal very soon.thank you
I pray with many other people that you are healed.
I pray with you.
I pray you achieve this dream you both greatly deserve.
I pray you all are able to find peace and joy during this time as you remember him and celebrate his life.
I pray you all exceed your goal!
I pray you all find peace through  this tragic time in your life.
I pray you all get whatever your needs are for this handsome little man!!
I pray you all reach your goal!
I pray you all stay strong for each other through this very difficult time.
I pray you and your boy get through this and that you get the money in time.
I pray you and your family can find some peace.
I pray you and your family can move closer to where you need to be.
I pray you and your family make it through okay.
I pray you and your family will find housing soon.
I pray you and your family's needs are always met.
I pray you are able to get a beautiful home to lay your head.
I pray you are able to get one soon!!
I pray you are able to get the care and treatment you deserve.
I pray you are able to get the medical treatment you need!
I pray you are able to get this van!
I pray you are able to have more time than expected with your loved ones and you experience healing.
I pray you are able to heal and get well.
I pray you are able to purchase the items your son needs to live a happy, healthy, comfortable life.
I pray you are able to raise more soon!
I pray you are able to reach your goal and pray for your son.
I pray you are able to surround him with your love with as many of you as possible.
I pray you are at peace.
I pray you are better.
I pray you are comforted, encouraged and healed.
I pray you are doing well and are happy.
I pray you are doing well.
I pray you are feeling pain free in no time.
I pray you are feeling stronger everyday.
I pray you are granted the strength to endure this difficult time.
I pray you are happy.
I pray you are healed and have a speedy recovery!
I pray you are healed.
I pray you are on the mend.
I pray you are progressing well.
I pray you are restored to perfect health and a radiant smile!
I pray you are still doing well and making memories with your boys.
I pray you are well and on the way to complete healing!
I pray you are well soon!
I pray you beat cancer and get well soon and be with your daughter!
I pray you beat this
I pray you beat this and that you give others the same inspiration that you've shown me.
I pray you beat this cancer
I pray you beat this thing
I pray you beat this.
I pray you begin to see hope and a light at the end of this darkness.
I pray you both return to those happy, healthy times soon.
I pray you can afford continued treatment & stay well.
I pray you can endure the treatments you have to go through on your way to healing.
I pray you can find any amount of peace during this tragedy
I pray you can find somewhere you feel safe and healthy.
I pray you can find strength too through this hurdle, it is not the end, it is just an object in your path that you can run and lift your legs over it and not trip, you can finish the race.
I pray you can get the surgery and assistance you need!
I pray you can keep your treatments going.
I pray you can overcome this!
I pray you can put this illness behind you and live a normal life again.
I pray you can spend more time at home than in a hospital.
I pray you can swallow soon!!!
I pray you comfort and easy her suffering.
I pray you continue the good fight .
I pray you continue to heal and deal with this.
I pray you continue to heal and grow strong with your new lungs!
I pray you do not give up and that you fight to walk!
I pray you do the same now.
I pray you don't lose it, and stay strong as possible and shine for your baby girl!
I pray you draw strength from the ones around you.
I pray you exceed your goal.
I pray you experience a miracle that rids you of this awful leukemia!!
I pray you fear not❣️
I pray you feel better soon and can get the treatment you need.
I pray you feel better soon!
I pray you feel better!
I pray you feel peace and comfort  when you return home.
I pray you fight cancer and return to school to graduate.
I pray you fill such an over abundance of love-and draw strength from it!
I pray you finally get answers and effective treatment.
I pray you find a cure.
I pray you find a donor and think that the government is disgusting for putting money before a babies life, shame on you!
I pray you find a match!
I pray you find a resolution soon.
I pray you find answers and treatments.
I pray you find better treatment very, very soon.
I pray you find comfort in knowing there are so many people who love and support you!
I pray you find comfort in your memories of him.
I pray you find comfort.
I pray you find joy in your last bit of time with your beautiful babies
I pray you find peace and carry the love of your sweet son in your heart joyously forever.
I pray you find peace and comfort during this difficult time.
I pray you find peace and comfort.
I pray you find peace.
I pray you find relief.
I pray you find solutions, a cure, and much support on your journey!
I pray you find some answers and the medical help you need.
I pray you find some relief soon.
I pray you find the answers you need.
I pray you find the help you need for your precious furbaby.
I pray you find the power to lift yourself up in spite of the the heavy weight your body, heart, and mind is carrying right now.
I pray you find the strength and feel the love and support of all those that deeply care about you.
I pray you find the strength to get through this difficult time.
I pray you find the treatment you  need to get better.
I pray you find the treatments you need so you can get back to doing what you love.
I pray you found comfort for your pain.
I pray you get a kidney as soon as possible.
I pray you get a kidney soon.
I pray you get a strong healthy baby soon.
I pray you get all of your donation.
I pray you get all the help and treatment you need.
I pray you get all the help you need ❤️
I pray you get all the money you need to get healthy.
I pray you get all the money your mom needs!!
I pray you get all the support you need... you are in our prayers!
I pray you get approved officially and that this money helps with anything else you my need.
I pray you get as much time with your beautiful dog as possible.
I pray you get back to your wife and family soon.
I pray you get better
I pray you get better .
I pray you get better really soon.
I pray you get better soon xo
I pray you get better soon.
I pray you get better sweetheart.
I pray you get better!
I pray you get better!!
I pray you get better.
I pray you get cured!
I pray you get everything you need and extra for after the surgery that all needs be met.
I pray you get exceedingly abundantly above that you can ask or think!
I pray you get good results from your treatments.
I pray you get help.
I pray you get justice for this!
I pray you get relief from this unimaginable pain.
I pray you get some answers and help.
I pray you get some pain relief.
I pray you get some relief and find you're strength through all of us that love you!
I pray you get some relief from your affliction.
I pray you get the answer and treatment you need.
I pray you get the answers you are looking for.
I pray you get the answers you need!
I pray you get the dog soon!
I pray you get the dog you need.
I pray you get the donation needed for your daughters medical needs.
I pray you get the full ammount you need.
I pray you get the funds to make this happen.
I pray you get the funds you need and the treatment is a success.
I pray you get the help & support needed for a better quality of life.
I pray you get the help you need.
I pray you get the resources you need.
I pray you get the sensor and the dog very quickly.
I pray you get the transportation you need and truly deserve.
I pray you get the treatment you need
I pray you get the treatment you need and get back to your best.
I pray you get the treatment you need, stay blessed and keep fighting.
I pray you get this surgery!
I pray you get this treatment that you desperately need!
I pray you get this treatment!
I pray you get through this quickly!
I pray you get through this soon xxx
I pray you get through this soon.
I pray you get through this tough time.
I pray you get through this.
I pray you get to be those kids daddy for a long long time.
I pray you get to go and have a wonderful time!
I pray you get to share it with your future child...
I pray you get well !!
I pray you get well quick
I pray you get well soon cuz!
I pray you get well soon little man.
I pray you get well soon so you can enjoy being a mommy to that sweet little baby.
I pray you get well soon!
I pray you get well soon!!!
I pray you get well sweetheart!
I pray you get what you need!!
I pray you get what you need.
I pray you get your little dog.
I pray you get your miracle.
I pray you get your new kidney and that all goes well this time around.
I pray you get your wish sweet baby.
I pray you go on your trip, being healed
I pray you guys get to your goal soon.
I pray you guys receive the love and support and everything else you need in these times.
I pray you have a blessed family reunion.
I pray you have a complete recovery.
I pray you have a full recovery and it never comes back again
I pray you have a full recovery, with god all things ate possible....you are definitely in my prayers.
I pray you have a full recovery.
I pray you have a miraculous remission!
I pray you have a quick recovery and can get back to life as soon as possible.
I pray you have a quick recovery my friend.
I pray you have a quick recovery.
I pray you have a safe and blessed trip <3
I pray you have a safe and successful trip!
I pray you have a speedy recovery
I pray you have a speedy recovery and are able to get back to doing what you love!
I pray you have a speedy recovery!
I pray you have a speedy recovery.
I pray you have a speedy.recovery.
I pray you have a successful surgery and fast healing.
I pray you have a successful transplant
I pray you have a truly incredible experience
I pray you have a truly incredible experience.
I pray you have a very successful procedure.
I pray you have a wonderful experience!
I pray you have comfort, support and love surrounding you.
I pray you have complete healing.
I pray you have many more and good health.
I pray you have peace of mind and a strong mind during this time.
I pray you have strength for yourself and your daughter.
I pray you have the courage and strength you need during this period.
I pray you have the strength to do your very best to care for yourself and you allow others to care for you too.
I pray you have the time to recover
I pray you have what you need.
I pray you have you eyes corrected soon.
I pray you heal quickly.
I pray you hit your goal and beyond.
I pray you keep the strength and the faith to continue this fight.
I pray you live forever, amen!
I pray you maintain the hope & find the treatment you need to beat this health challenge!
I pray you make a full recovery and are able to live a happy life.
I pray you make a strong recovery bud,  continue to inspire yourself,  and in return you'll inspire all of those around you.
I pray you make all of your journeys happen❤
I pray you make your goal and that your puppy has a successful surgery and recovery!
I pray you make your goal!
I pray you make your target.
I pray you meet your goal .
I pray you meet your goal and get your beautiful son the help every child should have access to, regardless of income and insurance restraints.
I pray you meet your goal quickly and please let your son know he is very special and loved by many.
I pray you meet your goal!!
I pray you much success in your effort.
I pray you never lose your faith and hope to fight this battle.
I pray you overcome this obstacle.
I pray you overcome.
I pray you push yourself to stretch a little even beyond that.
I pray you raise enough money so you can continue to spend quality time together.
I pray you raise enuff money so you can stay in your dream home.
I pray you raise the amount you need.
I pray you raise the funds you need.
I pray you raise what you need to get to the amount needed .
I pray you reach goal and your health improves.
I pray you reach goal.
I pray you reach the goal needed.
I pray you reach the goal.
I pray you reach the target and get the treatment.
I pray you reach this goal amount to get the treatment
I pray you reach ur goal and make ur dreams come true!
I pray you reach your goal
I pray you reach your goal :)
I pray you reach your goal and know what it feels like to have this independence.
I pray you reach your goal and overcome this awful disease.
I pray you reach your goal and that the surgery is successful.
I pray you reach your goal honey.
I pray you reach your goal soon!
I pray you reach your goal!
I pray you reach your goal!!
I pray you reach your goal, and for your miracle
I pray you reach your goal.
I pray you reach your goals .
I pray you reach your goals!
I pray you reach your target and this baby can be cured
I pray you receive a miracle recovery!
I pray you receive all funds needed for his care.
I pray you receive answers soon.
I pray you receive blessings to help your father.
I pray you receive enough to have her surgery.
I pray you receive exceeding abundantly more than you can ask!
I pray you receive that amazing call that changed and saved my life.
I pray you receive what you need.
I pray you recieve a donor.
I pray you recieve the funds and thatall turns out well!
I pray you recover quickly and become happy and healthy again!!
I pray you recover quickly!!!
I pray you recover quickly...
I pray you recover so well, by the end of this you’re healthier than you’ve ever been!
I pray you recover soon
I pray you regain ur health back.
I pray you remain strong and faithful during this very difficult time.
I pray you remain strong.
I pray you remember that this too shall pass.
I pray you respond positively to treatments and be cancer free.
I pray you return to full health soon.
I pray you see a full recovery.
I pray you see better, happier days.
I pray you should have a refuah shlama!
I pray you take comfort in knowing she is not in pain anymore.
I pray you touch every cell of her body with your healing grace.
I pray you will always have the strength and support you need.
I pray you will be blessed in some way with a precious child!
I pray you will be blessed overwhelmingly by your journey.
I pray you will be given the strength you need each step of the way!
I pray you will be strong,and continue your life without the devil.
I pray you will be too.
I pray you will beat this.
I pray you will feel his strength and peace for you and your family.
I pray you will find peace and eventually happiness
I pray you will find the best medical care possible and the strength and support you need.
I pray you will get all the help you need to get through this tough time.
I pray you will get all the love and support you need.
I pray you will get better soon !
I pray you will get better soon and that you will exceed your target.
I pray you will get relief soon!
I pray you will get this trial treatment that leads to a cure.
I pray you will get well soon.
I pray you will get your health and strength back and so exited to see your video stay strong and positive you will beat it.
I pray you will go above and beyond your goal!
I pray you will have a chance for a long life.
I pray you will have a full recovery.
I pray you will have peace after this incredibly long and painful journey.
I pray you will heal fast and be cancer free.
I pray you will keep getting better and better.
I pray you will live a long life.
I pray you will reach your goal to purchase the vehicle you need.
I pray you will reach your goal!
I pray you will receive your surgery and heal quickly.
I pray you will recover more than the doctors ever thought.
I pray you will recover soon to walk your own gardens- continued strength and healing.
I pray you will stay strong...and get better soon.
I pray you will win the battle.
I pray you would find some relief!
I pray you'll be able to heal over time.
I pray you'll walk forward in peace and precious moments.
I pray youhave had some good results
I pray your angel gets her doggy!
I pray your babies are returned to you soon
I pray your baby boy gets all the money and prayers you guys need.
I pray your baby can get the surgery!!!
I pray your baby get to enjoy a full and heathy life!
I pray your baby gets all the care she needs and heals.
I pray your baby girl continues to feel better.
I pray your baby girl gets the best of care!
I pray your baby is healed soon.
I pray your baby is okay!!
I pray your baby will be fine.
I pray your beautiful boy makes a full recovery.
I pray your beautiful daughter gets better!
I pray your birdie gets well soon!
I pray your burdens are made light to you and will be lifted soon.
I pray your campaign goal is reached and then some brother.
I pray your campaign is a success.
I pray your child is healed quickly and completely!
I pray your daddy heals quickly & thankful that you are doing better!
I pray your daughter can be healed!
I pray your daughter gets better my friend.
I pray your daughter is doing better.
I pray your daughter pulls through all this and can live a normal productive life.
I pray your daughter will recover from this horrible event.
I pray your daughters pain will soon come to pass and you all can start enjoying life  pain free with out no worries.
I pray your doctors are able to get your pain under control.
I pray your doing well.
I pray your dream comes true!
I pray your faith is unwavering, your own strength inspiring and that the love surrounding you is palpably humbling.
I pray your family finds peace during these saddest moments
I pray your family finds true healing, nobody deserves to go through what your daughter has had to do.
I pray your family gets through this difficult time with the knowledge that you are all loved:)
I pray your family is blessed with all the resources you need.
I pray your family overcomes this and has many happy and healthy years ahead of them!
I pray your family will be blessed
I pray your family will experience love in the midst of this loss.
I pray your family will find peace, comfort , and hope knowing that this time apart from you is temporary.
I pray your fears are calmed and your hopes are fueled!!
I pray your furry friend gets better soon.
I pray your girl gets her dog and that things get easier for all of you.
I pray your goal is met and it will help jaden
I pray your goal is reached !
I pray your goal is reached and will donate again soon!
I pray your goal will be exceeded as you deserve so much!!
I pray your happy memories of him will get you through this difficult time.
I pray your healing is swift and complete.
I pray your health and energy will now increase with each and every day!
I pray your health improves greatly very soon.
I pray your health is fully restored.
I pray your health specialist will be guided in whatever decisions they make and that you will make a full recovery.
I pray your health will improve.
I pray your heart finds comfort and peace during this extremely difficult time.
I pray your hopes and dreams can be realized.
I pray your kitty is able to have this surgery .
I pray your little boy is healed.
I pray your little does too .
I pray your little man gets better.
I pray your little one  will be all fine!
I pray your mama has a fast recovery and beats this!
I pray your medical needs are met and that you overcome  this horrible disease.
I pray your mom gets well...completely healed.
I pray your mom is able to get to this appointment!
I pray your mom will win her battle with the support around her.
I pray your mother gets better
I pray your mother pulls thru this & is able to make more beautiful memories with her loved ones
I pray your needs will be met.
I pray your next surgery gives you relief from your pain.
I pray your next surgery goes well.
I pray your outcome is different then ours.
I pray your pain diminishes.
I pray your pain heals over time!
I pray your recovery be swift!
I pray your recovery from the surgery goes well.
I pray your recovery goes well!
I pray your recovery will go super well and that you'll get all the funds you need to pay off this medical debt.
I pray your restoration and that this fund continues to grow into more than enough.
I pray your son gets better.
I pray your son gets healthy.
I pray your son gets to see the doctor soon.
I pray your son has a fast and full recovery.
I pray your son is cured of his cancer and returns to the healthy boy he once was.
I pray your son makes a complete recovery.
I pray your son recovers quickly and fully.
I pray your son stays strong in the fight and his faith.
I pray your strength & courage grows with every moment.
I pray your strength and courage as they face the unknown.
I pray your strength and healing!
I pray your strength in this journey
I pray your strength to help you get through these difficult time
I pray your surgery goes well & your healing is fast.
I pray your surgery goes well and for quick healing!
I pray your surgery is a successful.
I pray your surgery is just as successful for you!
I pray your sweet baby gets better.
I pray your transplant process goes smoothly and your health is blessed and restored.
I pray your treatment is successful and the donations keep coming in.
I pray your treatment is successful and you recover fully.
I pray your trip is successful.
I pray your tumors can be healed or reduced, and your comfort levels are increased.
I pray your wife can be healed.
I pray your wife finds the help she needs and gets better soon.
I pray your wife gets better.
I pray your wisdom over the doctors that will be treating her.
I pray your wishes come true.
I pray you’ll get the treatment you deserve and that you’ll overcome this challenge.
